Downloaded from
YTS.MX
- Turkey's economy...
- Europe is in the same situation...
- Multiply the figures of tuik by two and a half…
- raise. raise. raise. how far?
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- The target is the 100th anniversary of the republic…
- uff!
By Allah. nothing
to watch is on TV.
You really lost our heart.
Look at this situation. you
go up a channel. everything
is fine. you go down a
channel. everything is very bad.
You go up a channel. we fly.
you go down a channel. we crash.
Which one is my brother.
you made us crazy too.
Aha. the bill came too.
Every month. the invoice comes on the same
day. at the same hour. at the same minute.
So it hasn't changed. It doesn't bounce.
900 pounds?
How about 900 liras?
No. no. I'll take another look.
I looked. it's still 900 lira.
I swear it can't be something like that.
Would it cost 900 liras to the tiny house?
Is she 90? No. there is another zero.
God. God. Ahh. God. God!
I'm on fire. god. I'm
on fire. my god friends.
Grow up friends. I swear I got
burned. I burned for a long time.
- I was stabbed in my back.
- What's going on. recep. what's going on?
I received a 900 lira
electricity bill. brother salih.
50 lira was coming here.
How much did it cost you?
- It doesn't come to me.
- How is it not coming?
My cut has already been recep for three
months. I couldn't pay. they hung up.
Oh my god. let me save my life too. By
Allah. I will leave myself to the void...
- What is this? What's this?
- I'll take an order. get out.
Walk away. To the start order.
My electricity bill came to 900 lira.
Shhh look at me halime.
how much is it for you?
200 came.
Are you using illegally or are
you using electricity from me?
- Did you hook my line?
- Get out of there. Get out of here.
Go get your order from
somewhere else. don't bother me.
I swear I'm going to
throw myself here huh.
Friends. friends!
Brother salih. let me know that I am going
to go inside nurullah and commit suicide.
Don't be ridiculous. Rex.
I'm ending my life. sorry.
I am committing suicide.
- My mother.
- Get well soon. brother.
Thanks. Thank you. Thanks to friends.
Thanks to friends. nurullah.
Brother. why are you talking
like that. you make me sad.
I have 400 lira income. how
can I pay the 900 lira bill?
Is this a thermal power plant?
Is this an industrial facility?
Is this a factory?
Two rooms and a living room here.
Look how insanity came. did you see?
- Brother. should it not exceed 150 kilowatts?
- How can I understand him. nurullah?
- I don't know.
- How will I know?
Do we put a meter on our ass and we will
understand that one hundred and fifty kilowatts.
How do we know?
I'm lighting two light bulbs.
I only light two light bulbs.
I am nurullah in this house.
Ah. they are also open. Close and close.
Get up. close quickly.
Next month we burned again.
I swear to you. god will give you trouble
for lighting a light bulb from now on.
God damn that Thomas
Edison. and that
Nicola Tesla. too.
Brother. calm down please. calm down.
Either I save. save.
save. came here.
I warm my shirt by
putting the lahmacun of the
night before while ironing
the shirt the next day.
I dry my socks in the
oven with the pastry.
This is how we live. but nurullah.
Are you dead? Are we living?
Brother. calm down bro. Do not scare me.
Well. from now on. I will only be illuminated
with a gas lamp at home. There's no other.
I will walk around the house with candlesticks
like the 14th century English royal family.
Open it. open my grandma's mahogany chest.
There would be a kerosene lamp in
it. three or five of them. Find them.
It's a shame. We are human. human.
Is it there? Did you find it?
Smooth! Mixing. digging
woman's chest. neat.
Oh brother. you're fine. you're fine.
- What happened man?
- There is a deed.
Don't mess with the woman's private
belongings. Find the gas lamp there.
Don't you know bro?
What will you do. son?
I call you gas lamp. leave the deed.
Gee.
Did the deceased have any other heirs?
- Did not have.
- Well. then this deed is your brother.
I don't want it. nurullah.
I don't want anything from the title deed.
I have no eyes for the property.
Brother. take a look at this deed.
You attached it to the deed.
It's called yutan village.
All right. This is my grandmother's village house.
which we went to as a child. It's a dirty place.
He also has a key.
Come on. let's go to that village.
Don't be ridiculous. nurullah.
I'm already depressed.
I can't take village life at all. please.
Look. we're going to get some fresh air.
Our feet will touch the ground.
Let's throw out our electricity.
brother. in the village.
Look. you said electricity
again. you pissed me off.
You got my genies on me. huh? I was just
forgetting. you said electricity again.
Brother. don't hurt me.
let's go to that village.
- No. nurullah. I can't go.
- Let's go bro.
- No. I won't go.
- Please bro. let's go bro.
- Don't break me. please.
- Beg some more.
- Please. it'll be fine.
- Come on. Rex.
- All right. go pack my suitcase.
Okay. go pack my suitcase.
- Salih brother!
- What happened. recep?
Make me a Lane.
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow.
Would you look at this situation. nurullah?
Live your mind. it
was really perfect.
I swear. look. I can smell
my grandmother right now.
It also mixes with a little
bit of dung. but I get it.
Ya recep. this house is very neglected.
We can't fix this house.
Nurullah. once you start. you
can finish this place in two days.
- I'll do it?
Of course you will. Aren't you my squire?
Come on. come on.
I'll help you too. come on. okay.
Let's go. start! Come. Lol. Lol.
Yes. It was very nice.
Get started son.
Work! Paint properly!
Yes. get out there. Beautiful.
Hang it there. Remove. remove. remove.
Fix it there. where you hammered the nail.
and I'll see. No. no. it's been long.
You just pull it out.
knot it in there nicely.
Let me check the knot. Hey.
Take this out and tie it up nicely.
Yes. did you knot it?
Hang it there nicely now.
Very nice. Let me have a look there.
I'm at it now. Let me see a minute.
Ok. it was like a flower
nurullah. it was perfect.
It's good like that.
Aha! What is it?
Hello! Damn! Burst! Hello!
- What does that say?
- No?
- Sorry. I don't understand. what are you saying?
- No. I say. what did you not understand?
No. it's like "hello". "burst" or
something. What's happening?
Do you have a military friend
in front of you? What's up?
Okay ma'am. don't get into a
double polemic with me there.
Look. this is everyone's
owned land. you
can't come here and
set up camp in your head.
Camp below.
To the pasture. let's go to the pasture!
- Come on bro. mind your business.
- One second. ezgi.
What are you saying bro? Ha?
Can't understand what you are saying.
I'm coming. tell me. tell me here. What do
you say. what do you say? Please tell me.
Looks like your nervous
system is a little up in the air.
I understand you
have mental problems.
This is not a campground.
This is everyone's
own. their own land.
I know my friend already owns
the land. This land is mine.
- Does this land belong to you?
- Yes it's mine.
Who says?
How about "who says"? I'm saying.
Inherited from my late grandfather. Gee.
Here is my grandmother's legacy.
Gee.
What are you showing off to me here?
What are you talking about. bullshit?
No. also what's going on with you?
What are you messing with people?
It's not your land. it's nothing.
Nobody who! My god. my lord.
Okay ma'am. okay.
Either we are neighbors here.
They said that the neighbor
needs the neighbour's ashes.
You come tomorrow.
"I'm out of lemon. do you have any lemons?"
"I'm out of salt. do you have salt?"
Then you say that I stayed in
the field. worked. my back was stiff.
My entire neck was burned. Massage the
shoulders with yogurt like this. you say.
- Aa!
- You call me.
- What are you saying bro? Repent. repent.
Why would I tell you such a thing?
Look. we don't
need anything. okay?
You're going to mind your
business here. and we'll have our fun.
Let's talk to you as little as possible.
Look. we came here to
relax. I'm out of my hands!
It was not pleasant to meet like
this from the very first second.
None. Ok? Come on. Come on thanks.
I was also very curious
to interact with you. Hag.
- Did you say something?
- Sorry?
Did you say something behind my back?
I didn't hear. did you say something?
Oh. I said. I was gossiping behind
your back. I backbited. what happens?
My friend is my special friend.
The land is my private island parcel.
Can't I backbite
in my private life?
Don't let people dictate such
a standard of living! Just relax!
Whatever you do bro.
What about me? Gee.
Just don't contact me. Ok? Come on.
You will listen to your head.
we will gossip in our private lives!
"Inherited from my grandfather." It
was inherited from his grandfather.
- Strange strange things come to my mind.
- What's coming bro?
I wonder if this is between my
grandfather and my paternal grandmother...
-Oh. is there such a thing?
Well. anything happens in life.
♪ We found the house. Meadow
grass. everything comes from our hands ♪
♪ neighbor sister took
a trip recep frowned ♪
- Selamunaleykum aghas.
- Aleykumselam.
- Sit down nurullah.
- Brothers. Brothers.
Welcome brothers.
Is it okay if I take you to that table?
No. why bro?
Brother. this table is
reserved. so I can't sit here.
Is there a reserved table in the village
coffee house? Is this nişantaşı. my son?
Brother. now you are new in the village.
you are not used to it. but this table is
the reserved table of the headman. He
doesn't want me to sit someone else down.
No! As far as I know. the
headman's desk is in his office.
Did the headman get a
table in the village cafe?
Who is the mayor? What is the
difference between you and me. mayor?
- Don't we elect the headman nurullah?
- We choose. brother.
Brother. you are right. it
is a slightly different model.
When someone else sits down. he goes
crazy. then he takes his anger out on me.
There is a different model
in the village now. coach.
Get this in your head.
I'll sit at this table. brother. that's it.
- Sit down nurullah.
- Okey brother.
Do you want anything?
- Do you have an oral?
- There is brother. what should it be?
- Kiwi.
- Ok.
- I'll have tea.
- Okey brother.
You see. don't you look?
Go to the most luxurious restaurant.
you will not find a kiwi orallet.
But there is always a cafe in the village.
My choice is tea bro.
- Ercan.
- Welcome. mayor.
What business? Look. the
private secretary called. reported.
No. ercan. It didn't happen.
- Bring some tea.
- Of course. mayor.
- No. brother. do you have a problem?
- How?
You're talking about something
like "it didn't happen. it didn't happen".
Don't bother with the coffee shop.
talk to us if you have a problem.
I don't have a problem.
I am the headman of this village. You?
We also own land in this village.
We are the people.
Did you understand?
Recep ivedik is my name.
No dear!
Look. may god make you believe.
I said while driving from there
I said. "well. I know this face.
this eyebrow from somewhere."
Ya recep. don't you remember me?
No. I don't remember. who are you?
Hey. I'm asim. asim.
You used to come here every
summer. we used to play together.
We would even play games along
the creek. throwing stones at each other.
Don't you remember?
Well. look. now that i'm
talking. I took it out a little bit.
Aren't you our idiot asim?
I ripped it's head off.
You should have 28 stitches on your head.
Yes. yes. that's my job. Look. Aha.
Look. there are 28 stitches here.
- I couldn't come to myself for two days. that's why me.
- Are you the headman?
The people show confidence.
He's been choosing me for three terms.
Tuh the choice you make.
Well. I'm here for service. recep.
Look. look at the beauty of these.
They all voted for me.
But I said. I said I will not
be a candidate this year.
But is it you?
Do you call crying or whining?
But I said. so I'm going
to do my own thing.
Real estate is my own business.
I have a company.
But believe me. I can't
find the time to do it.
Of course. of course. dear.
Same problem with all of you.
You can't spare time
for your own work.
you spend all your
money for this people.
You said it right. recep.
Shh boy! Shh. let me see! Bring those
leaflets and distribute them to my people.
Recep. these are yours too.
- What is this?
- A big investment is coming to the village. recep.
It's not like that. Tomorrow the authorities
will come to our cafe to explain this.
Will it be in coffee?
If you are available.
If you don't have a job. come along.
Let's see. if we're available. we'll come.
Isn't it nurullah?
- We'll come. brother.
- Very pleased to meet you.
Pst. ercan!
You gave my table to your brother
recep. so I lock the tea for him.
Come on. stay well.
My god. my lord.
Will you beat it or leave it until
the morning. you idiot of god.
This has been the case
since childhood. nurullah.
Her grandmother used to give
the cows to go graze. the cows
always come. one or two
missing. Later we realized that
he was selling the cows one by one. he was
spending it in the farm. Dishonourable.
See you soon asshole.
Come on. take it easy you bastard.
- Damn! What are you doing!
- I'm fine. recep brother.
- Are you going home?
- Yes.
- Say hi to your father.
- Good evening.
Good evening.
Uff!
I really can't sleep. huh.
I was terribly awkward about my place.
This woman already got on my nerves.
They said don't buy a house. buy a neighbor. How nice. we said
that the side plot is empty. the woman came with her house.
Blue-eyed yellow scourge.
Look at this. Here he is
snoring like a bulldog dog.
Damn nurullah! Nurullah!
- What happened bro?
- Get up. get out.
- Where will I go. brother?
- Get out. wherever you go.
Go. I left the food out.
Maman. go eat your water there. Quick!
- Where will I sleep. brother?
- Go lie down in the barn! Go sleep in the barn!
- In the barn?
- You're snoring like glass.
Get up. get out! Exit!
Was it "god wake me up.
make me fall into dreams"?
Here you go.
Nurullah. Nurullah.
Get up. get up! Get up!
Were you here. glass!
You said sleep outside. brother.
- Good morning dear.
- Good morning.
Get ready now. we're going to coffee.
Aha! What are they doing there?
Bismillahirrahmânirrahîm.
Selamun aleykum. What are you doing there?
We greet the sun. What?
- Are you saluting the sun?
- Yes.
- Say hi for me too. Aleykum salam.
- Moon!
There was a meeting at the cafe.
-To? They also distributed
the brochure yesterday.
There is an issue that
concerns the landowners.
- Good.
- You are the owner of the land. young lady.
Maybe you are interested.
I leave the brochures here.
Where will you leave it there?
Wait a minute. I'll come and get it.
- Here. I left the brochures here!
- Aa!
- You can get it from here.
- He threw it like a bear.
- It's amazing.
- He's mentally ill.
- Geh bili bili bili bili.
- Look!
Geh bili bili bili bili.
Don't make any silly moves.
Don't make me nervous here.
Geh know know.
Will you go my friend?
Will you come to your house?
- Take care of yourself.
- Hasbinallah and nimel deputy!
Dear yutan villagers.
Today. we are witnessing a
historical moment for our village.
To tell about this big project
to be done in our village.
I give my word to erdem çökelek.
the heir and prince of çökelek holding.
- Here you go. sir.
- Thank you. mayor.
Dear ready.
My dear fellow villagers.
As you know. as çökelek
holding. we have always
done our best to bring
added value to this country.
This has become our national debt.
In this sense. we
wish to introduce the
famous mud of your
village to the whole world.
I think you call this
healing mud swallow mud.
- Do you believe?
- Here you go. my beautiful peasant brother.
Thank you.
Now. is this mud that we
have known since childhood.
that buffaloes poop into.
that comes out of those rocks?
A. yes. yes. We're talking
about mud coming out of the rocks.
- Is that mud medicinal?
- I don't know. bro.
Ok. you go on.
If I have any questions. I will continue.
I'm always waiting.
Yeah. what were we saying?
This mineral is high. this
healing mud is of course
thanks to my uncle's
leadership and strong leadership.
We will introduce it to the whole world.
So what are we going to introduce?
Of course with this project.
Yutanbiance thermal resort hotel.
Translate. As you can see
here. my dear village friends. this
is a facility located on an
area of ​​150.000 square meters.
Aha! What the hell is that nurullah?
They're getting pretty busy here.
Let's move on to the next picture.
Here are our mud spas
and pools. Change.
Dear brothers and sisters.
we have come to one of the
most striking and important
places of our project.
Imagine you have a pistachio-shaped
pool with 24/7 chocolate flowing.
You get out of the normal pool.
you put your mouth on the chocolate.
you go into the pool again. Could
such a beautiful thing be possible?
Let's change.
Look. hop on the slide directly
from your room. you enter the pool in
the morning without washing your
face. There can be no such thing.
Translate.
Would you take a look at this beauty?
To the beauty of this project...
My uncle really shed.
A work of mastery.
- Do you believe?
- Here you go.
I'm looking at the project now. but I couldn't
see our village. Where exactly is our village?
So. it's perfectly normal for you not to see
it. Because we removed your village from there.
How did you remove the village? How
do you think about removing the village?
Everyone here has a home. a dormitory.
Isn't it so. gentlemen?
Right!
E. it goes like this. We. our peasant
brothers and sisters. bought their
houses. plots and lands at a price
higher than the current market price.
It is very easy to
remove after purchase.
Anyways. Yes. When we came
to this area. I was just telling about
it. and in the forest area. as you
can see. without harming the nature.
we are deploying large and
small villa-style houses here.
- Look here.
- Here you go. brother.
Now. as far as I can see here. you
are building a house in the forest.
Then you will cut
down trees here too.
Yes. that's right.
No. We said we don't touch nature.
We place those houses
there by moving the trees there.
How will you transport the
100-year-old pine forest?
- Are you kidding us. idiot?
- What are you talking about bro? Who is this?
E. he has a house here. he has a land. So
I know when I was a kid. Leave it to me.
Ya recep. if you love your god.
don't be against such
a beautiful project.
We don't want it right
away. we don't want it.
Of course. I will say we do not want it. asım.
I'm looking at the project. excuse me like my ass.
Don't be silly. sir.
What an ass.
So it's a pretty cool project.
Everyone liked it. This will be rewarded.
- I want to say something too.
- You were missing. teacher.
If you love a silent god. we are talking.
You have no property. you have no property.
Cut it. cut it! The teacher will talk. of
course. Shall we listen to you or your teacher?
- Speak. son.
- Thank you brother.
Look. this project has no
contribution to the people of this region.
Only you will profit from this business.
The villagers are left with what
they sell for three cents. Is not it?
Right.
Why would the villagers
sell you this place?
If they keep it. they will
be much more profitable.
He. more profitable.
Guys. you are talking nonsense.
Already more than 50
percent of my peasant brothers
already signed the
pre-sale contract.
What the hell. who signed what?
I own the land here.
Heirlooms from my grandmother
are both this village and these forests.
We have so many memories here.
We grew those trees with our hands.
I will not make you do this project here. I
will not cut down a single tree. you understand?
Don't come here with your
hair as if you licked a buffalo.
I say no to your project.
No. no. no!
Who cares about you
bro? After I find 50 percent.
I print expropriation
and expropriation as well.
- Who are you?
No! It was that easy.
Look. I came here. first I
listened a little to understand
the subject. but I didn't
like your way of speaking.
My neighbor. My neighbor.
His hand is fork. Now this is burned.
- What do you trust. no?
- Come on. This one was missing. Who is this?
Well. I see it for the first time in my life.
It's an environmentalist. feminist thing. I guess.
What do you say? Don't talk nonsense.
I introduce myself. Attorney büşra altın.
I also own the land here.
Who are you. I don't understand that.
We destroy. we destroy.
we expropriate. we collapse!
What's up? Who are you threatening
with what? What do you trust?
Look. sister. if you are a
lawyer. then you know how
expropriation works. you
probably understand. right?
I understand. I know very
well that expropriation business.
Do you know how many I canceled?
I know people like you very well.
Do you think you can do anything
with your money? Get out of there!
Look. I didn't mean to be
disrespectful because you're a
lady. but you came here and
did your show. Bravo. Bravo.
Cut it out! What show?
For one thing. not a woman. a woman. This
is a. Secondly. you will be a man. my son.
Look. I'll deal with you here.
What does it say? Who are you?
Who are you threatening?
Look son! In this
project. I will research the
permissions and so
on. I got it for you son!
Either you are a lawyer.
I have 500 lawyers. girl.
I'm coming. I'm on your back.
I will research all of them.
Leave me!
I'll deal with you son! I will try!
Are you a suburb?
What kind of lawyer are you?
Ms. Büşra. let me break
their mouths and noses.
Who are you?
If I hit that chair on the
head of it. it will be okay.
No! No no! Chair… ah. a!
Don't touch my hair
either. Get out of here.
No such thing.
Get out of here! Go away!
- Go away!
- Dear colleague...
- Don't be upset with the man! Fuck off!
- You're a lady!
Don't do it to your friend! Cut it out!
- He's going to finish me off.
- Come in.
I fucked you so bad. Wait for me!
I wrote you in a corner.
I'll deal with you. wait for me!
You are all welcome.
Thank you too for coming.
- You are welcome.
- Now. if I'm not mistaken
six or seven months ago this
company came to our village.
- Hmm.
- They wandered. dusted.
after that. as you can guess.
they contacted our headman. asım.
- Rep bro?
- No. teacher. nothing.
- Brother?
- I didn't do anything. teacher.
Anyways. They had a meeting at the cafe.
Tensions broke out. there were arguments.
The majority said no at first.
There was even the
headman asim among them.
- Aha look. didn't I tell you. son?
- You said it. brother.
Muhtar asim has a definite job.
Brother. whatever happened
next. for some reason.
those who said no at
first started to say yes.
Of course. There was a scam there.
Of course dear.
That stupid headman. that stupid
asım is the organizer of all these things.
I'll tell you. Whatever he
did. we must do the same.
- I don't know. could I explain?
- Yeah. he's right.
We need to talk to these
sales people one by one.
Look. Smart girl. Educated girl. The girl thawed the
roasted chickpeas right away without saying "lebleb".
Shall I tell you something?
Do you have a list of them. son?
Yes. reb. There is a list of them all.
Tomorrow we will start walking
door to door with you. lion teacher.
- We're going to convince them all back this time.
- Okey brother.
♪ I will go. I will
see. I will ask. I will ♪
♪ I'll go door to door
saying why did you sell it ♪
Uncle seyit. let me eat the oil
of your eyes and don't go away.
Don't do it on behalf of
these puppies. Look how
beautiful they are laying
eggs. They're gurgling.
Nephew. I'm sick of these.
- If you like it very much. you buy it. you look at them.
- What should I do with your chicken?
- Tahsin emmi. don't sell your hand here.
- I will sell it.
- Don't sell.
- No. I'll sell it.
There are lands that you put up for sale.
Let me love your eyes to sell their land.
What's wrong with you from my lands?
What if I sell to you. what if I don't?
- The lands are mine. I will sell the lands.
- Why are you beating us out of nowhere?
- Selamun aleykum.
- Uncle. we heard that you are selling too.
- We will sell it.
- But your places were also partners.
-Partnered. We're here to
say. "come. think about it again."
I don't want it to be sold.
Okay. if you don't
want it. I won't sell
it. so let's talk to
other partners. then.
Look. now listen to me carefully.
We are five siblings.
Orhan and osman hang out in the pavilion.
Orhan opposes his brother.
They stick one
slap to each other.
Orhan shook him from
below with a knife 37 times.
- Is osman dead?
- It came out six months later.
- The handle of the knife is still inside.
- Hoot!
Selamunaleykum my aunt sultan.
Wasn't there an uncle?
What was the matter. tell me.
No. sister. it's not something you know.
We need to talk to him.
Why can't you tell me? Are men and
women not equal? Tell me so I know.
We will talk about the sale of land.
You probably don't know.
What plot? Which plot? What sale?
Who did he sell it to? When did it sell?
He can't sell without me knowing.
Look. they're going to destroy this whole village.
all these forests. I love your eye. don't sell it.
I will sell. I'm going to sell it. what
are you messing with. my nephew?
This time orhan goes after samet.
He is arguing with his wife.
He ties the rope to his own
wife and takes her to the forest.
Six months later. they found his bones.
What are you saying?
Osman emmi came out of coma. He
followed samet. When you can't find samet
- she slipped into samet's fiancee.
- Whoa!
- Don't sell.
- I've made up my mind. I'll sell it.
- Impossible. No. I will sell.
- Don't sell it.
- I'll sell whatever you say.
- Don't sell. Don't sell!
- I put my mind to it. I will sell it.
- Can I tell you something?
- Like this.
Look. on the other hand. I
shot a lion in the mountains.
Give me this.
Why are you drinking like this?
I'm depressed. I'm drinking.
I found this. I'm drinking.
He! What's this? Let
me have a look at this.
Recep brother. this is
hand sanitizer you know.
Are you drinking antibacterial
here at dusk. brother ismail?
Is something like this drinkable?
I'm full of germs. I am in trouble.
I drink this. I expel
germs with urine.
Yahu. worry is not something
like a germ or bacteria
so that brother ismail can
be used with antibacterial.
- Feel. feel.
- I urinate.
Ismail brother. let me
love your eyes. drink less.
Or do you not know
about the sale of this land?
Your very vulgar
husband is selling this land.
We can't sell that shoddy honor!
He can't sell without me knowing.
It can never sell. Can't I
just chop it up with an ax now?
You bastard! Unaware of me...
Let's go teacher. Murder is being
committed here. run away. How much!
- Samet prints them on the bed.
- OMG. Look at the events. To?
They take osman's sister nimet
and throw them into the acid well.
Now that the situation is
like this. they throw songül
and nergiz. her uncle's
daughters. into the sawdust.
- It's a lot of sawdust.
- Yes. they grind it with a sawdust.
I swear. uncle. can I tell you
something? Very right decision.
What kind of family are you?
Buy it and go! God damn you.
Get up. let's go.
Oof.
- No. I'll sell it.
- Don't sell.
- I put my mind to it. I will sell it.
You're going to take
my arm off. I will sell it.
If you sell. sell. If you sell. sell.
- Good by.
- Is it a Rose?
You can go.
- What a stubborn man you are.
- I will sell it.
What a stubborn man you are.
Rose Rose.
Maybe there was no result.
Well. we went through the list one by one.
Men say Noah. not prophet.
They all have a word in their mouth.
I will sell and I will sell.
Don't do it! Uff!
- What did you do?
- Well. my situation is not good either.
I have been reading their eia
assessment report since morning.
Pretty much approved.
Is it okay if we object to the eia report?
We object. but you know that the
factor here is the benefit to the local
people. and 50 percent of them want
this job. So we're not very strong there.
Ms. Büşra. you still make your objection. They
say we didn't get out and hope is not lost.
Okay. okay. so let me do it.
- Recep! Recep!
- Aha! Nurullah. This is the voice of the ax sultan.
- Oops!
- My mother came to cut us now. I wonder?
- The sultan with the ax?
- He. Aunt sultan. He always travels with his axe.
Recep! Recep!
You have you! You have you!
-What happened. aunt sultan. what's wrong?
God sent you to us.
Are you a maniac. aunt sultan?
If you're going to say something nice.
why do you come with the ax in your hand?
- Oh. never mind my job.
- What happened. please?
The subject is very important.
We do not sell our goods.
We do not sell our lands. fields.
villages. forest lands or any of them.
- Isn't it. girls?
- Yes! We do not sell!
And ladies. your husbands
have already signed the
contract with the company.
He has already given the land.
How does he give? How does he give?
Are you my mother or my father?
Who are you you bastard!
- Are you talking to me?
- No. I'm not telling you.
I say it will be my husband.
Isn't it girls?
- Yes. right. yes.
- They can't.
Here. plots and fields
are given as a wedding gift.
- How did they give it to him?
- What gift?
Here. while the girls get married.
her father gives her a field.
Half of that field is built on the
girl so that her husband does
not crush her. Half of those
fields are ours. They cannot sell.
A minute. A minute. A minute.
Now ladies. do I understand correctly?
Do you own half of these lands that your
husbands handed over to the company?
- Yes!
- It belongs to us.
Let me see. Take it. see it with your eyes.
- Look. büşra.
- Give me that now.
By Allah. the deeds were written jointly.
- Do you think it will work?
- Naughty. recep!
How could the whole
company overlook such a thing?
Good luck to you girls.
Good luck to your
fathers who do this as well.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. lawyer lady.
Now look. we're going to do this.
You meet me at school
early in the morning.
- Ok.
- We print petitions to the teacher.
After that. you put
your signature nicely.
You give the power of attorney to büşra.
I'm taking those documents. I'm meeting
with büşra at the court. Understood?
Okay.
God! Well. çökelek. now you think.
Can you deal with
the anatolian woman?
Ladies. you go like this. sit down nicely.
- I will inform the teacher and come.
- Ok.
…and we talked about how
rich it is in terms of vegetation.
- This is…
- shh teacher.
- Grab your computer and come outside.
- Recep brother. I'm in class. what happened bro?
Five minutes. come on. grab it.
I'll cut your tongue out.
- What happened bro?
- Women object to the sale.
The lands were always shared.
Büşra is waiting for the petition.
I'll take it in the summer. Come on.
Brother. the good news is that I
can't leave the kids and go anywhere.
What should I do!
- I call you an urgent matter. teacher.
- E. let's do this. recep brother.
you go to the class for me. I'll
go out. I'll take care of it and come.
No. Impossible. Not possible. No. It's not.
- Brother. then I can't go out either.
- All right. Exit. Exit.
Children. you will study with your
teacher recep for five to ten minutes.
Then I'll be right back. okay?
- Come on.
- Late.
Sit down. Sit down.
Aunts. Now everybody tells
me their names in order. okay?
Get your tongue out now.
You said you were out.
This is how you were doing to me. Let's do.
We stayed alone. What happened?
Yes guys. You wait quietly.
calmly. until your teacher arrives.
I don't want to talk among
yourselves. is that understood guys?
Here I am in compulsory service. Please.
- Sorry?
- Our teacher is in our country
he was talking about agricultural products.
What shall we do? When your teacher comes.
he will tell you about agricultural products.
Why? Do not you know?
I know. son. Of course I know.
We've been past where you live.
At that time. we also sat.
- I guess I know.
- Then tell me.
Tell me!
To explain! To explain!
Stop. Children please.
Ok. guys please. Ok. cut it!
A! I don't like that at all.
Ok. I'll tell you.
Since you asked for it.
I will handle the lesson differently. I will
work with the question and answer technique.
Yes. I'm asking then.
answer me. let's see.
What is Turkey's most
important agricultural product?
What? Is there any answer?
Let me see. Hey. tell me.
Wheat is my teacher.
Not. Zero. sit down. Other? Yes you.
- Sunflower is my teacher.
- Not. Is there another? Be my guest.
- I'm an Egyptian teacher.
- No. it's not. Joyful. Tell me. yellow head.
- It's apricot. teacher.
- Not apricot.
You're probably saying
because of your hair. Not apricot.
Is there?
Receipt! Now listen carefully to me.
The most important
agricultural product of our country
dried beans.
Either. You look so dumb.
You were surprised.
For the first time. the truth is
being told to you here. friends.
Well. let's repeat it now.
Baked beans!
Well done. bravo to all of you.
I swear I'm proud of you guys.
- These are the new generation.
- Our future.
- Recep brother. the petitions are okay.
- Live live. Perfect.
Guys. take care of yourself.
Is the attorney here?
Barrister? The trial will begin.
- Are you looking for a brother?
- Here you go.
Either I have to give the
following to my lawyer lady.
- Where is he himself?
- Lawyer lady is inside.
- I'll give them a try then.
- The trial is about to begin.
- Give it fast and get out now.
- Okay thank you. God bless you. Thanks.
There is no Mrs. Büşra here.
Yes. good day. Here. sit down.
- Mr. Deputy. please take your place.
- Me. teacher?
Here you go. Sit down.
- Is that so?
- Yes. here you go.
I was going to give the
document to the friend. but…
- well. if you say sit down. let's sit down.
- Yes. the plaintiff's attorney. come on.
Dear president. as in my
client's written statement...
Selamun aleykum.
Aleykumselam. who are you?
I am recep ivedik. my brother. Who are you?
- Feridun is my name.
- I'm glad. brother.
Well bro. where is my lawyer?
How should I know brother. your lawyer?
I don't know you.
Aren't you a lawyer?
- No. I'm not a lawyer.
- Then why did you come and sit here?
…we demand alimony
of 100.000 tl. sir.
E but yuh so now. Ms. Judge.
is 100.000 tl worth alimony?
Sir. sit down.
Did I promise you?
- Miss judge. look. this man is me…
- okay. enough! I didn't promise.
Look. I'll throw it out. Mr. Deputy.
take care of it. Check it out though.
I'm very sorry. sir.
Listen. woman.
- Yes. go ahead. lawyer lady.
- Thank you. your honor.
The psychological violence that my
client has suffered during his marriage…
god. I'm done.
I swear I'm done.
I was left without a lawyer at the most important
hearing. Now they'll take me until my frostbite.
- Oh my god…
- don't stop crying.
Don't give up right now.
There is recep ivedik next to you.
Relax.
I will get you out of here.
You leave it. leave it to me.
Didn't you just say
you're not a lawyer?
I am not. I have
nothing to do with being a
lawyer. but I will do a
better job than a lawyer.
You can't be my lawyer or anything.
Do you have any alternatives
other than me right now?
Do you have any alternative from me now?
I'm your only way out. Do not. Calm down.
Plaintiff's attorney was heard.
Defendant was asked to defend his counsel.
- Here you go. deputy.
- Watch me now.
I will say. your honor. and distinguished
members of the jury. but the juror must be
you do not use it in the ayvalık region.
No because.
Therefore. I would like to
start my words as follows.
Your honor!
Can you see an adjective of that?
Can you take a look at this adjective?
Excuse me. donkey
farts on your face. sir.
Can you take a look at
that adjective. that adjective?
It has officially turned into a medlar.
It's a shackled donkey.
This man worked day and night nonstop.
Day and night. I say.
miss judge. day and night.
Why? To make this woman happy.
- This man… do you have children?
- I have got a son.
He has one son from this woman.
a man who has a stable child.
Let's see if he pulls his hand away
one day. let's ask that boy. Let's ask!
Why didn't he pull? Because this
man is the father. It's father. father!
Babos. Babo this man. babo!
This is a man who. without
thinking of himself for
an ounce. is only a father
to that stubborn child.
This is such a man.
Isn't that worth it too?
Your honor. I object
and please for the record.
Feridun bey spent even the gold
that was worn in the childhood of his
child in gambling and coin markets
and did not replace it in any way.
Damn boy. did you eat the baby's gold?
Either I bought some coins. I made such
a mixed basket. they all went bankrupt.
Hey. let me put it in your character. Let me
put it in the character of a man like you.
Recep. what do you mean…
Your honor. sir. feridun is human too.
Like all people. feridun
can make mistakes.
Mistake is for humans. sir.
Yes. as feridun is a complete commodity
it's true. he bought all his wealth
and invested the baby's gold in coins.
False! I say it to your face too. Goods!
False. I say it to your face. Goods!
I'm saying look. property.
Wrong sir.
But. is this the end of our wrong life?
Can't we hold on to
any other human value?
An idiot. a property.
are we going to spend it here
just because he made a mistake?
Does he have no humanity?
Don't you have any conscience?
It also has a heart.
There's a tiny little
pigeon heart over there.
Cuckoo. Cuckoo. Cuckoo.
That's how he throws it.
Shall we break this heart?
There is one very important quality that
this man has never had. Do you know what?
Loyalty!
Loyalty is what it's called.
They call it monogamy feridun in
the neighborhood. monogamy feridun.
Because he is monogamous.
He is loyal. he is a perfect. flawless
personality that puts loyalty at the forefront.
Isn't that worth it too?
Does that even matter?
Your honor. the main reason for
this lawsuit is
feridun bey's infidelity.
Video recordings and photos are
available in the attached file. sir.
What am I hearing?
Did you cheat on your wife?
Did you cheat son?
- It was a little getaway.
- Tell the truth.
- It wasn't a big deal.
- Tell the truth!
They're exaggerating. recep.
There is no such thing actually.
God damn you!
Yes. it's over I suppose?
I will now decide.
Sir. I would like to inform you of a
decision we made jointly with feridun.
With all due respect
to your decision.
Sir. feridun whispered
deeply in my ear.
She said that I have worn out this woman
a lot. I bent this woman's head forward.
Elimde. malımda. mülkümde
babadan kalan ne varsa dedi. Ben
hepsini. bütün mal varlığımı
bu kadına geçiriyorum dedi.
On the record. sir.
- What. how? What are you saying. recep?
- Shut the hell up!
He said sir. I said no alimony.
the lady said to give me alimony.
Madam judge. is there such a thing?
- Sit down. sit down!
Sir. I also have a
special request from you.
If there is cumuk cimik in the law.
it is a two-year solitary confinement.
- Alone. Let him sleep and come to his senses.
- What about solitary confinement? What are you saying. recep?
- Think about the shit he ate.
- Is it okay?
- There is no such thing.
- Please be quiet.
- But look. please. There can be no such thing.
- Silence! Be quiet please.
Sit down! That is justice.
The woman is one hundred percent right.
Aa. Recep. What are you doing here?
Come here. get out.
I'm sorry. ma'am. there must
have been a misunderstanding.
I wish you a good day.
See you again in court.
You made the right decision. Justice
is the basis of property. Respects.
- See you my sister.
- Come on.
Tuh. god bless you.
He's tumbling in height.
Late. Sorry again. take it easy.
What are you doing?
So. what is this outfit?
Well. while I was waiting for you.
I found it there because everyone
was walking around like this. I
put it on me. It fit very well though.
Aa. Good luck to me.
Our eyes are clear. I won
my first case. I cleared the guy.
I always played women. always women.
- What?
- The information you want is here.
- Hasbin…
- all signed.
Either the judge is waiting for us.
Can you walk quickly? My god. my lord!
Dear yutan village residents.
All of you are welcome. you brought joy.
As çökelek holding. our philosophy
is always to collapse… to solve…
we built it on solving.
Your problems are our problems.
Of course. as we set out on
this road. we had a real leader.
I would like to give credit to
my own uncle. enver çökelek.
who is a true opinion leader.
He has a video message for you.
With your applause. my uncle
enver çökelek. the chairman of the
board of directors of our company.
is before you. Here you go.
I'm enver çökelek.
I am the owner of çökelek holding.
♪ Looking
at the world always smiling ♪
♪ what a great man you are. enver çökelek ♪
I want it. it will. I say I will. I did.
Çökelek holding. 50 years of experience.
Yutanbiance is the biggest
project of çökelek holding.
This project will either
be done or will be done.
When I came to yutan
village years ago. I
realized that this place
has a different beauty.
It doesn't matter. I said. "this
place should be mine. it's mine."
Then I met the healing swallow mud.
I had some friends with me.
They said. "brother. take this mud and rub
it on your face. You are getting younger."
I said god.
So I took a handful. put
this mud on my forehead.
I swear. it's been 10
minutes. I'm almost younger.
I said it's a miracle. Miracle!
That's the day. I said I have to take
this mud. put it on everyone's forehead.
I hope we will put it on your forehead. We will
put it on the forehead of the whole nation.
Greetings everyone. Goodbye.
Bravo uncle. Bravo uncle.
Sir. now we are going
to the signing ceremony.
- When should we blow up the ceremony?
- Yeah. everyone is lining up.
I have a number.
Wait for a sign from me.
- Ok.
- Uncle seyit. let's see. Come on. sign it.
Selamun aleykum.
- Best wishes.
- Let's sign it.
- Let's sign. four eyes.
- I wish the best.
Come on. sign it.
Selamun aleykum.
Look at me. don't try
to act out like that. huh.
No. no. No flooding.
I'm here to sign too.
By god. we have been very
prejudiced towards çökelek holding.
In other words. as I studied
the project and got into
it. I fell in love once again.
Where are we signing?
Good luck to you. recep.
Well. that would suit you too. Well done.
You found the right way. I will take
a picture with you. you deserve it.
God bless you.
Where are we signing now?
- Over there.
- Are we throwing it right here. erdem bey?
- Hah. throw it here.
- Here. right. Mr. Erdem?
- Sure. throw it here. ready.
- Yeah. okay.
If the photographer is shooting here.
we are looking right here. Mr. Erdem.
Three. two. one.
Here's your signature! Aha
look. this is a wet signature!
Nasty bastard!
It's your fault in the castle area anyway.
Mr. Erdem. you have spent so much money. but
unfortunately. this project is a dream for a while.
What do you mean dream?
This sale cannot be made
without the consent of these women.
- We don't have consent!
- You can't sell!
How? Can something like that happen?
What are they saying. asim?
Erdem bey. whatever the men say here.
Women have no say.
- How not!
- What does it mean?
Don't do it! The court never says so.
The judge made the annulment. it passed.
These women also
have a say. understood?
Semih. what the hell
is this guy? What's this?
Sir. the headman directed us that way.
What do you say. my brother. that
the headman is the headman? Gee.
I feel bad. I can't breathe.
- Pick it up!
- Recep!
Okay okay.
What happened tonic? Ha?
I see that your mood is
broken. your hair is also broken.
Wait a minute.
A! It was worth my hair too.
Take me to the car.
Take me away from here.
Take it to the car.
Let's go from here.
♪ The licorice turned purple ♪
♪ dumbbell dumbelek
stole behind your back ♪
♪ oh. you'll be hungover like that.
nah. you'll get an inch from this village ♪
Let's trust someone one day so
that we don't explode anywhere!
Mr. Erdem. what have we
seen in the real estate sector?
Those who go to the deed and
return without signing. such things.
What does this have to do with the real estate sector. what
does it have to do with his return from the title deed?
Ah. the phone is ringing.
Look how painful it sounds.
Sir uncle?
Put the phone on speaker.
I'm taking it uncle one second.
E. sir. you are on
loudspeaker now. uncle.
Dude are you stupid?
- Estagfurullah. my uncle. That thing…
- oh. you're not.
Then you are retarded.
Who is this man bro. who is he?
E. huh… which man is my uncle?
The guy making the move at the signing ceremony.
The photographer threw it all away. here it is.
I am that photographer…
- I do not understand.
- Ha. you're saying...
E. yes uncle. unfortunately
there was someone there who
created a small unpleasant
incident and tried to go wild.
But don't worry. we are
very used to such situations.
We deal with these kind of guys
a lot when we go out on the field.
After all. he is an ignorant peasant. sir.
There is nothing to exaggerate.
Of course dear. In the
real estate industry…
the startup is from the real
estate industry. Are you telling me?
Look at me. get that man
over here right now. Now!
There is no need. uncle. What you need…
hello? Hello.
Ha. The village is the place. of course.
the phone does not receive. it is closed.
No. no. I think he
just hung up on you.
If it wasn't. it would make such zang
zung. zing zung sounds. In that respect.
Am I going to explain to you?
He came to me and says zang zung.
Go find this man as soon as possible.
take him to my uncle immediately.
- Okay?
- Respects.
In the meantime. good luck.
You made a big event this morning.
Thank you.
Anyone in my place
would have done the same.
No. he wouldn't have done it.
Look. make sure everyone was quiet.
Thank you. god bless.
Oh look. look. who's coming.
Selamun aleykum.
Mashallah. happy faces are smiling.
- Is there a permit?
- No. you're not allowed.
We solve puzzles among
ourselves in a private way.
Yahu recep. what did you
do in the signature today?
Erdem bey was astonished.
I swear. even I wouldn't have
thought of it. what a hell you
are. recep. Let there be love.
Tell him to bellow like a goat
whatever you have to say.
A phone call just came from above. From the
very beginning of the holding. from the top.
Enver çökelek called.
Really? What does enver çökelek say?
She is very upset today.
He said. "find that child and bring him."
He said let me talk to that conscious.
sensitive child and explain myself.
- So the ambassador will not be disappointed. recep.
- You see. don't you. nurullah?
Chief Butler enver çökelek
is calling us to his feet.
Recep. don't say that.
We'll go to the old
man's feet. of course.
Our customs require it.
Cut and cut.
Will we learn customs
from you after this age?
Okay. tell enver çökelek. he will
meet with you. too. recep ivedik.
Huh. Then I'll take the
office vehicle and come.
No?
We don't get into the office car you
ride with the people's money. coach.
Your weather won't hurt us.
I didn't buy it with public money.
Enver bey donated the
car to the headman's office.
Don't you understand bullshit? Well.
asım. I'll clear your head again. huh.
I will come with my own car.
Wait for me at the exit of
the village. I will follow you.
Well okay. I'm waiting huh.
We go back to back.
Mr. Enver.
Then after.
You know. there was recep
ivedik you wanted to host?
- Ha.
- I brought him.
Ok. wait there.
- He is with you right now.
- What?
Hey. I'm here. I am here. in front of you.
Bloody alive. look.
It's not virtual either. It's real. look.
Is your name recep?
He is recep ivedik.
Sit down late.
Don't gesture to me like that. son.
You will talk to me like a man.
You will not speak to me in the imperative.
Take a seat. Mr. Recep. you will say.
Here you go. Mr. Recep.
Yeah like that. Be smart. be a man.
- Come on. leave us alone.
- Len!
Yes. you called. we came.
what are we going to talk about?
Huh. like this.
Let's have dessert. talk sweet. shall we?
What are these?
These are 22 carat gold
plated dragon fruit desserts.
Where did you get these? Did you buy it from
the covered market? I did not understand.
No. I have a special cook. this is how he
makes desserts. decorates them with gold.
Dude. are you sick?
Are you a maniac?
Are you mentally ill. son?
Are you uncomfortable?
People do ten somersaults on
the way to the wedding to wear a
quarter of gold. do you put gold
on the dessert and eat it here?
What kind of life is this?
What kind of lifestyle is this?
Let's say now I ate this. gold.
Suppose we bought it for 10 liras.
I ate. gold fell to seven liras.
What will I do? You can't take a shit.
At least you think that I can keep it
inside me so that we don't do any harm.
- Just eat.
- No no.
I can't eat 22 karat.
This is probably 22 Gauge.
I can't eat other than
24. it makes me gas.
You know.
Mr. Recep. take a look around.
What do you see?
I'm looking at something like this...
I see one artificial pond. It's full of
shit. That makes a fly. It's a filthy place.
One stone house in
the back. too big for you.
And I see a lonely old man
waiting for death. that's all.
Hah. that old old man.
the owner of all the
beauties you see and count.
Now he will bring the same
beauties to your village.
I will make a corner of
heaven just like this place.
Thanks brother. We do not
need the heaven you will create.
Our village is already an
idyllic place. do you understand?
Just don't touch your hand.
we don't want anything else.
What a nonsense person you are.
I've been speaking beautifully
all along. but you're forcing me.
What if I force you brother? Ha? Let
me see. what will happen when I force you?
Look. my lion. don't cross the line!
You are smart man.
Your intuition is strong.
Take your receivables. take care
of your way. let go of this business.
Here you go.
What is this?
What did you write here?
Did you write your tc ID. what is this?
The number I intend to
give you. I wrote it down.
- Ha. you wrote me a lot of checks.
- I wrote a check.
Is there a check left? 1970 model pieces.
Switch to blockchain until you
put virtual glasses on your eyes.
You should at least offer bitcoin.
Take your check and steal it on your head.
We don't need your
check or your money. son.
Look. I'm telling you once and for all.
Whether you want it or not.
even if the whole village stands
up. that project will be built
there. Did you understand?
Oh. if you try to prevent it. you
will suffer the consequences now.
- What are the results brother? Let's know.
- I'll burn. I'll burn!
That's how you know it. Ok?
You must have thought we
were yesterday's children.
We are the baby of güngören. son. These dry
threats of yours will not work against us.
The disaster you will create
will be a festival for us. brother.
Do your best.
Get your hands off our
skirts and make up your mind.
Don't mind me.
Come on. stay safe.
Geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. geh.
Geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. geh.
What's going on here bro?
What is it. what?
What are you doing? What?
Mr. Erdem. Someone with
sheep came. Mr. Erdem.
Hey! What's going on here?
Virtue! Virtue!
What are you doing here bro?
Come. I'll show you around with
your friends. "crack head!"
- Are you sick bro?
- What are you doing. asshole. huh?
Construction has also stopped.
you're sitting idly by. aren't you? Ha?
You know. you were the
huge çökelek holding? Ha?
It was getting 50 percent.
You'll find my shit 50 percent.
Look beautiful bro.
We're builders. okay?
We know how to wait. don't worry.
We are used to these situations.
Look at me. if you have a
bell. come and lead these.
You are a leader spirit.
Just go. for god's sake.
Don't find the trouble on us. Come on. go.
Take the cottage cheese! Take the cottage cheese!
Collapse precipitate. Knife pocket knife precipitate.
What the hell is this?
Cakir cracked cottage cheese.
Laughing Rose Lily cottage cheese.
- Come on. walk!
- I don't understand what kind of man you are.
Geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. virtue!
Geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. virtue!
Geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. geh. geh.
Huh. The moon is beautiful.
Look at the consistency of this.
- This is perfect.
- Oh. give it.
- Look at this.
- Healing the moon.
I mean. look at what educated. cultured.
university graduates. law graduate women are doing.
It means that ignorance remains.
What does it matter?
What a beautiful healing mud.
Shouldn't we take advantage of that too?
What a beautiful skin. it
brightens and tightens recep.
Who told you this? Who told you
that this place makes it beautiful?
If not. will çökelek holding be torn because
I will come and establish a facility?
What if we take it out and
send it to the laboratory
for an analysis. the
laboratory will shut it down.
You're exaggerating a little now.
This mud exists so that animals
can come and cool themselves.
The animal comes. pours itself
out of the mud. cools its body.
His intestines are working.
he is lying on his side.
He says.
He's letting go.
Good. Filthy.
You take it too. you rub it on your face.
That's enough.
Uff. you made us nauseous.
Even if this mud is healing. would
the women of our village be like this?
I remember in the past.
there was an aunt necla. she
put it on her face. she had
a beard. Bearded woman.
- Tell the truth.
- He left and left. He left the village.
Well. why didn't you tell us that from the
beginning? We drove it all over us. recep.
Nothing happens at once.
He practiced for two years.
Currently in manisa.
He lives in mental illness.
A minute!
- What happened?
- Shhh.
- What is it?
- Wait a minute.
- Do you hear. nurullah?
- There is a sound. brother.
Truck movement sound
with chainsaw sound.
No more moon. A!
Or did they set the
construction in motion. büşra?
God bless you!
Get up now. tell the villagers quickly.
Let's meet at the door. quick.
- Get up. we're going too. Get up. let's go.
- Recep. A minute.
How can I come like this?
- Quick. quick. quick.
- Moon!
The villagers are
here. where is the curd?
- The villagers are here. where is the cottage cheese?
- Turn it off. turn it off.
Bursstt! Slow down. Slow!
No. what a crowd.
what's going on here?
What's really going on with you?
We stopped your construction
here with a court decision.
You work very hard.
we hear it with our ears.
My dear brother. we have
already overturned that
court decision you have
taken in a higher court.
Son. give me the file.
- Here you go. sir.
- Let me see.
- I don't understand. look at this. büşra.
- Is this a supreme court decision?
- Yes.
- Hmm. Did you handle it as a lawyer?
- Yeah.
I said if my uncle steps
in. he'll get it done. right?
What does büşra say.
did they stop the decision?
Wait a minute. I'm looking.
Normally they don't make such a decision.
What did you do to make such
a decision? What did you give?
Did you give money?
Did you give money? Did you buy a man?
No no. No money giving.
Where did it come from?
We just negotiated with the new owners.
Well. what a coincidence.
when the 50 percent majority was
found again. the court changed
the decision in our favor. right?
Thanks to the realtor.
Aha! What did you say?
No. no. I didn't say.
- You said real estate agent. son.
- I didn't say no.
- You said real estate agent. I heard it with my own ears.
- No. no. I didn't say. I didn't say realtor.
- Real estate… did you hear that too?
- Yes!
- You said real estate agent.
- There is no real estate agent.
Which realtor did you deal with?
Which realtor did you work with?
No bro. no real estate agent. come on.
You'll be careful who you
mess with from now on. okay?
Oh. by the way. ma'am.
Do you know what you did
to your face it was amazing?
- It reflects you. huh.
- They slept in the mud. Mr. Erdem.
- Come on press go man!
- Laugh you crunchy crunchy. no problem.
Our legal battle
will continue. okay?
This is not over here. know it like this.
Run it. Run it.
Büşra. I can only think of a
real estate agent around here.
- Isn't that right. friends?
- Yes!
Let's go and have a talk with him.
The matter will be clear then.
Go nurullah.
You wait here. nurullah.
Make it to the erk.
Ok bro.
Selamunaleykum mukhtar.
Aleykumselam. brother recep. Welcome.
They said there is someone
dealing with real estate around here.
We were also going to
look at some properties.
E. I already told you
you're a realtor. remember?
How did you look?
I was looking for something like this.
Ah! Ah! What's going on?
How did they find 50 percent?
How did they find it?
Wait. let me love your eyes.
stop. calm down. Ok. I'll explain.
These guys. look. they're very strong men.
I was consulting them.
When the villager stopped selling...
-To?
I sold the ones with power of attorney.
Of course it wasn't enough.
The village had common
areas. it stood empty.
Whether it's the headman's
office. the council of elders.
the village square. etc. I
have allocated this for 49 years.
- Of course. dear. don't let it sit idly. right?
- Is not it?
Ah!
Ah! Wait. let me kiss your feet. recep.
I love your eyes.
Look. I made it for my nephews.
They said they would fire me.
If you love your god. don't shoot anymore.
Damn. is it a forbidden bite for
your nephews? Huh. is it the place?
Since you sold the
village. my son. I will not
let you stay in this
village anymore. headman.
- Make up your mind!
- Ah!
Expect trouble from me. mayor.
Expect trouble from me!
Go away!
Recep bro! Recep bro! Recep bro!
Brother. such a notification came to the
school. What is this? I didn't fully understand.
Let me see. maybe I'll understand.
Aha. He says evacuate the school.
They gave 30 days.
You vacate the school within 30 days.
Evacuation? Well. where do we go?
There are so many students in the school.
Also. what does school have to do with it?
What if this clumsy headman had transferred
everything. the common area of ​​the
village. the school. the construction
company. to the construction company.
I've already beaten
him on this subject.
But now that the commitment
has come. I'm going to stick it once.
Recep bro! Recep brother.
there is no brother. It's not like that.
I say. let's go to the council
of elders of our village.
let's explain the situation
well. Let's ask their opinion.
Come on. let's talk.
What happened to them son?
Aren't they dead?
No. brother. they are
upset because they are old.
Uncle ihsan is the
president. if you want a nudge.
Uncle ihsan? Uncle ihsan? Uncle ihsan!
Hey to your father's donkey...
Uncle ihsan. they are selling the
village here. you are sleeping soundly.
- What kind of a council of elders is this?
- Who? What?
- Uncle ihsan. there is a headman.
- Yes.
The headman has given this council of elders
building to the contractors for 49 years.
They will challenge you from here.
They're going to kick your ass.
What? Did they sell the
council of elders building?
The elders are our red line.
Nobody can wash. nobody can sell.
How do your ears hear
when it comes to your work?
I said the council of elders. the tip
touched you. you started to hear right away.
We need to send this headman
from the village urgently.
We don't want this headman anymore. What
are we going to do to send this headman?
Very simple.
We have a century-old tradition.
You will call the headman
to the square. you will quarrel.
No. uncle ihsan. don't talk nonsense.
Are we going to shoot a man in
the village square from now on?
We can't shoot like that.
I can't hold a gun. no.
Uncle ihsan. what are you saying?
Does such a thing ever happen?
What weapon? You
will have a love affair
with words. not with
a gun. but with a saz.
No. no. I can't. Definitely.
I can't do it. uncle
ihsan. I certainly can't.
Yes. friends. we're here
for the lovers' bickering.
Recep on my right. asım on my left.
Good luck to you all.
Come on ladies. come on.
Bravo!
What happened. huh?
Your face went slow.
You're surprised. aren't you?
- Are we going to shoot with women?
- We're going to argue with women. don't you like it?
What happened. did you shave your head man?
What will I be afraid of you?
Come on then. Last. two. three. four.
♪ He looks at me like a
clown clumsy clumsy ♪
♪ what do you know about the village. idiot.
I'll put a word. you'll lose your mind ♪
♪ you always wait. clap. clapping
it's on the highway intersection ♪
♪ the people who see the
headman says what a jerk this is ♪
Bravo!
Plug!
♪ Are you the uncle of this
place? Get out of here better ♪
♪ he doesn't come out of a cave
in winter wow you jungle bear ♪
♪ Never cry like a baby
don't lie for nothing ♪
♪ you sold the whole
village. headman. what a jerk ♪
Bravo! Bravo reb! Bravo!
Come on come on. Come
on end. two. three. four.
What's wrong. you don't have an answer?
- Every…
- couldn't you find it?
♪ I'm a rooster
and you're a chicken
♪ the end of the road is in
sight come on bye bye veck ♪
Bravo!
Allah! Ya Allah!
- Bursstt! Slow down.
- Bravo recep brother!
- Bravo!
- Bravo bro. bravo!
What happened man?
Or are you giving up. ex headman?
Ok. I give up.
Thanks. Thank you.
- I swear to god for my efforts.
- Come on. come on.
What happened? The people were good at
choosing you. You couldn't fit in the sky.
Is it bad now that he didn't
choose you and sent you?
Whatever the people say. that's my son.
Walk away from here.
If you have so much honor. pride and dignity.
you will get the hell out of this village. Walk!
- Get up too.
- Walk! Go go!
Whoops!
Shame on the effort I gave.
Muhtar recep.
Mukhtar Rex. Mukhtar Rex.
Thank you. thank you. Thanks brother.
Thanks. sister. Thank you. Thanks.
From now on. a completely different.
clean page will open for yutan village.
Bravo!
Ha. Anyway. there is no way to lie down
on recep because we are the headman.
You will make a choice as soon as possible.
You will protect your village
and find your new headman.
- He's right.
But until then. I'm the mayor.
Muhtar in the house. That's it.
Mukhtar Rex. Mukhtar Rex.
Hello. Good day sir.
Ministry of labor and social security?
I was going to file a complaint.
Recep ivedik. headman of yutan village.
Either there is a construction site and if you
send an authorized person. let's check this place.
Don't be silly. sir. What report?
What inspection?
Cut it out! Get your hands down!
The state is standing in front of you!
You know. I saw it the other day. a
man is carrying a plank. his friend is
the digger operator. he is panning
his friend with the tip of the bucket.
The man says what is going
on. I took a look in the air.
Does such a thing happen?
Is such a thing possible. sir?
But the fish stinks from the head.
Here you are.
He's a very unworthy.
unqualified scumbag.
His uncle put this here.
His hand does not hold bread.
Are you a university graduate?
Brother. I graduated from
two universities in america.
Why didn't you study in Turkey?
Since you are such a Turkish citizen.
Why didn't you read here?
Ungrateful! What was
not enough for you here?
They didn't buy it here. it's obvious to the school.
his uncle had it taught there with his money.
You don't have money for everything.
Rich baby la you.
La rich baby. filthy Baton Baton.
It has to stay a while. For him to feel.
Good day. are you picking?
They work double shifts 24 hours a day.
The men became like zombies.
Come check it out here.
Follow me sir. I told you. A
large number of uninsured workers
are employed in this
workplace. Let's give it a try now.
Do you believe?
Are you insured son?
- No. I get daily wages.
- Here you go.
My boss is lying.
This is a friend of this.
they know each other.
Cut it out! The government doesn't lie!
Your name is on the back of it.
Is my name written here?
This is your name!
Have a nice day. Ministry of health?
Ministry of agriculture and rural affairs?
Pizza guy? Two medium size.
Pineapple. paprika. jalapeno.
Hello. good day.
Ministry of environment and urbanization?
Hey. I was going to meet with an official.
Honorable minister. my respects.
How did they connect you directly?
I won't keep you busy. Shall we
transfer it to the private pen. minister?
Hello. Good afternoon. fire department?
It is necessary to conduct an audit.
I am the headman of yutan village.
There is a construction here.
Well. they have no preparations.
Huh. A fire extinguisher caught my eye.
Sir. you can see what you want.
Pre-construction friends have
already tested all of them. Is not it?
- Shall we tighten it. manager?
- Squeeze. squeeze.
Let's take it.
Pin it. I threw. Three. two. one.
Bass. it's empty.
- It's empty. look. look.
- Does it suit you?
Shame on you!
Is human life that cheap?
Where. I can't see the lightning rod?
It's not just you. I can't see it either.
Nobody can see it because it doesn't exist.
Where is the lightning rod?
Where is my son lightning rod?
Sir. we had it installed. but
they must have stolen it at night.
We did. we had.
We were obsessed.
I will be your lightning rod. my friend.
By Allah. did you eat the
lightning bolt to your brain?
They get 20 million volts
out of your ass here huh!
You'll be shining brightly here
at night. like a night light. huh.
Sir. there will probably
be a sanction for this.
Yes. the report is finished. If you sign
here. I read. I understand. your name.
Skip the summer penalty. sir.
Unfortunately. I will write
an administrative fine for this.
Hurry! Administrative fine for you.
What if the general is
standing in front of you. general!
So is there a penalty
like this. but sir?
I'm closing this business
until I get the lightning rod.
- Oo…
- I will give information to the necessary places.
- Scramble the blackboard!
- Mr. Muhtar!
Hurry! Punish you here. Add!
Come on brother. come on. For god's
sake. please take this man with you.
- They put the punishment on you!
- Sir. please.
I'm so sorry. sir.
I am very sorry.
- Two days for him too.
- Add two more days.
They punished him for hashing.
Punish you for snapping!
Write. write. I will ask you.
My uncle will show you the rustling.
How did we become such
a nuisance to the men?
You stand still. stand still.
When the ministry of
labor imposes a penalty on
them. then you see enver
çökelek's facial expression.
He will smash
his virtue. like this.
My only son. what kind of shit is he?
I also went into that toilet. I
swear you fucked up like a high five.
I've been holding it for
three days. for him. brother.
I swear you also left it
shaped like a python snake.
The inspector at the ministry of labor looked
at it and said I will ask for an assignment.
He said that this is not so. He said get
it from here like this with a vacuum truck.
Aha! Did that voice come from us?
I don't know bro.
My mother. the car is on fire. nurullah!
Nurullah the car is on fire!
- Approach. Brother. don't come close.
- The car is on fire. nurullah!
- Nurullah. we need to put this out!
- Don't come close. bro!
Nurullah the car is on fire!
The red devil is on fire. man.
- Brother. it explodes.
- It won't explode. nurullah.
- Explodes. explodes.
- It won't explode! Let's turn this off!
- Nurullah. my car is on fire.
- Explodes!
- They'll explode. brother.
- I say it won't explode. son. it won't explode!
I say it won't explode. son.
It won't explode. it won't explode.
I had the gas tank of
the car made with a skid.
The warehouse is at home. it won't explode!
When I said I'm going to tell you something.
the car burned down and turned into ashes.
My god. my lord. the red
devil is on fire. the red devil!
Burned red devil!
You see. don't you. nurullah?
They burned the red devil like a Rose.
Look. it's still smoldering. smoldering.
Hey go hey. What memories
do we have with you. red devil.
Gungoren cauldron. you scoop. what
a trip we've been through. red devil.
- Ah!
- Aha look who came. nurullah.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
- Go turn off the water.
- How could it be?
- Burnt.
I was very sorry! I'm so sorry. how
could such a thing happen. asim?
My dear villager brother
recep. I mean. there
have been some
misunderstandings with you before.
there have been conflicts.
but you are my neighbor.
I mean. we're looking at
each other's faces here.
We will get through these
difficult times together.
As soon as we heard it. we immediately ran.
Is there anything we can do?
Thank you. thank
you. and god bless...
- Why did you come?
- I came to say get well soon. recep.
I mean. is humanity dead or not?
We have been acquainted for so many years.
I also moved to the private sector.
I'm at yutanbiance with Mr. Erdem.
Really? Best wishes.
Well. We wanted to grow a little as a
company. It was a very important addition.
Yes. yes. they added
you very well. erdem.
In other words. you have created a very nice
ambiance with two different types of curmudgeons.
Well done to you. Shh look at me.
They gossip about you in the village.
- About us?
- How so?
They say they have a relationship. Now I don't
know if it's financial or something else.
- Who says?
- Come. come closer. Come closer. I'll say your name.
- Ah!
- Walk. go! Go away!
- It's my fault when it comes to you.
- Walk go!
Sir. leave it alone. he is
an incompetent person.
Is there a retard in front of you?
Ha? God's idiots.
You see. don't you. nurullah?
Now we are completely sure.
There is a rule in the illegitimate realm.
Nurullah is the one who does
the first thing to get well soon.
E bro. then when the tube
exploded at your house last
year. I was the first to
come. Did I make the tube?
What does that have to do with it?
My car is already on fire. i'm
pissed off. why are you bothering me?
- Go get me my ka-ka-der agenda.
- Here you go. brother.
Hello. Good afternoon ma'am. I was
going to log in with the emergency code.
Yes. I am a member. 3169 recep ivedik.
Of course I do. one second.
"You said let's go to your death.
but we said there is no diesel. honey."
Heh. we need four trucks here urgently.
Yutan village. kozak region.
Yes. come right away. Thank you. thank
you. my dear. thank you. have a nice day.
Here we will meet you now. çökelek
holding. Let's see how it goes.
Bursstt! Slow down!
Selamunaleykum dear ones.
- Aleykumselam.
- Hi brother.
You said come. we came. brother recep.
We are at your service. master.
Let's hit it. let's break it. recep Abi.
Thank you. do not miss. Come with me.
Friends. we are starting our
hunger strike for our village.
Teacher. come on.
Let's take a nice video of us.
It's pathetic. it's a
heart touching video
about the human drama
here. Do you understand?
Ready bro.
Yes. you see. we tied
ourselves to the tree with chains.
For what? We are doing all
this to stop this construction.
We started our hunger strike.
We expect the intense
interest of the press here soon.
We will not give up. if necessary.
you will find our bodies tied
and in chains. but we will not
give up on this hunger strike.
- Did you captured it?
- I took it bro.
Ok. very nice. You organized the
full participation press. didn't you?
I told them all.
I texted each and every one of them.
Very nice. Look at me son.
This strike is a very serious strike.
No matter what I say. don't
worry. you're not unraveling us.
- Okay bro. we got it.
- Deal?
Hunger can create all
kinds of states in a person.
It makes me particularly aggressive.
I can threaten you.
I say I'll cut off your
head. I'll stab you. I'll
tell my master. I'll lay
you under the tree. I say
I'll say all kinds of things. wait for me.
But you still don't solve
it. do you understand son?
All right. recep brother. we have a deal.
It only takes two things
for you to untie us.
Fainting and death.
We want to go
all the way. got it?
Ok bro. we got a deal.
Ok. Come on guys.
May our gaza be blessed!
- Blessed be the chief.
Shh. should we have had a drink of water before
we started? Have you started the strike son?
It started bro.
We couldn't drink water either.
our mouth is sticky on our tongue.
- No. what's going on here?
- They went on a hunger strike. Mr. Erdem.
- On a hunger strike?
- Yes.
What if he can't stand that chubby hunger. he already
eats the people next to him in that third minute.
- How many minutes has it been?
- Recep brother. it's been 47 minutes right now.
How about 47? How about 47 minutes?
Three and a half. four hours passed.
my stomach clock says so. my body clock.
It works just as well.
- Where is the press. son?
- I talked bro. they will come.
What about? What about?
What about the press?
He didn't come. Look.
my nerves started to play.
slowly. aggression
started. if you are aware.
Someone is coming. Someone is coming.
- What happened. sister?
- You're on strike?
We brought you food in case you're hungry.
- Sister. we are on hunger strike. hunger!
- It's okay. you can eat when you're hungry. gari.
Or do you not understand the word?
This isn't a normal strike. it's not.
You think this is a labor
union strike? Hunger strike!
It's not "you eat when
you're hungry. gari".
We can't eat when we're hungry. gari!
We try not to eat.
you bring trays of food.
They also put
chicken on bulgur pilaf.
Are you trying to be a hindrance to us.
are you trying to be a support. ladies?
- Please go.
- What do we know. dear?
Please. Not this way. but yeah.
Shall we take a spoon?
Shh. let me get a spoon from him.
Come here.
Give me a chicken leg.
- Well. I can't do it. son. untie me.
- No.
- Untie me. son.
- No. recep brother. no.
- Solve it.
- Not possible.
God give me Patience.
God. give me strength.
Aa… a… nurullah. Nurullah.
Yes bro.
- Are you eating lentil meatballs?
- What patties?
- What meatball bro?
Come on. the ball exploded?
Is it the ball? It's not ramadan.
it's nothing. what ball bro?
The ball just exploded. Wow. it exploded.
God give me Patience.
How are you guys. are you okay?
We are fine. We are
used to hunger. brother.
- We are super. brother.
- We're fine too. chief.
You're used to my shit. my shit!
On the long road. you stop and drink
soup at every facility every 45 minutes.
I'm done. untie me son. Untie me son.
How many hours has it been?
- Recep brother. we passed five hours. brother.
- How much?
- Pst. What are you doing here son?
- Are you talking to me right now?
- I'm talking to you. yes.
- I'm fine. what are you doing?
Oh well. what should I
do. I just went out to graze.
We are also on a hunger strike.
- Good. take it easy.
What are you eating son?
Give it to us too. I love your
eyes. we are very hungry.
I can't give it.
Aren't you on strike?
Give me some goat cheese.
What about recep. who lost the goat
cheese and who finds it. for god's sake?
But a nice baked beans for you.
a nice buttered rice with it. okay?
It says beans. What dried beans… it is very
difficult. Do you have any dried beans?
Run to the village. run gallop. run to
the village. bring beans. Quadruple run.
Okay. okay. okay. Let's take it easy.
Recep brother? Receptionist?
- Sorry?
- Rep bro.
- Who are you talking to?
- Son. weren't you a goat?
- No. bro. What goat?
Your adjective was goat just now.
I swear I saw a goat.
You were just a white-bearded goat.
Brother. recep brother.
Look. you're not good at all. huh.
So your head is pretty much gone.
Come to yourself.
I've been very bad. my son.
Untie me. I've been very bad.
I just saw you goat.
I started a conversation with you as a
goat. Untie me. I've been so bad. please.
No bro. we talked about it. you
said don't solve it. I can't do anything.
Okay. I'm telling you solve it now. Right
now. I'm telling you to untie me immediately.
But recep brother. we talked
about this too. You said solve.
I said that too. I said untie me!
I'm the one who said that.
I'm the one who said that too.
If I told you to untie me. you will
untie me. Who gave you that order?
-You gave it. bro.
I'm giving this order too.
Okay. but you said that too.
If I say that. don't solve it. you said.
Are you going to make me hurt me?
I'm giving the order.
Untie me right here.
You said don't solve it except death
and fainting. That's why I don't fix it.
God. give me Patience.
Aa. something is happening to me.
Aa. my brain is out of power right now.
Look. look. I'm going. look. slowly.
- Rep bro!
- Look. look. look. My eyes are slipping.
Rep bro!
- Brother. I'm here.
- Recep? Recep? Passed out. sir. Solve. solve.
Chief. come to your senses. Head?
Uff.
Well. hunger strike is not for me at all.
The press had no interest at all.
Nor was it created a sensation.
We floundered there for nothing.
We urgently need to find
someone famous here.
Otherwise. the press is not interested.
Brother recep. a friend of mine
works for the company that makes
rsvps to galas. I think he
has it. let me ask you a question.
Wouldn't it be okay. son. if
your friend is already working
in rsvp. he has the whole
list. Tell me to send it quickly.
E. okay I'm asking.
Let me check quickly.
Write and send the list.
Quick. quick. quick. Did he send the list?
Has the list arrived?
I'm writing bro. stop.
Let me see if it came?
Have you got the list. son. look.
Hah. I sent it.
Is the list here. check it out.
My brother was sending it in two minutes.
Look son. it beeped beeping.
He trembled. my son. look at him.
Has the list arrived?
- Come on.
- Aha. it's here.
- Brother. I swear he's here.
- Give. give. give. give.
Aha. the list is here.
Let's start with the first now. Fazil say.
It's not alphabetical. is it?
Hello. Good day sir.
Is it cemal resit Rey?
Hey. would you look at the backstage.
I was going to meet with fazil?
Who is fazil? Fazil say. who will it be?
Who else is Turkey's pride?
Take a look. it's over there.
We also think that
there will be a social
responsibility concert
around yutan village.
Such a beautiful Meadow will put his piano
in the middle of the grass. it will rattle.
We will also call the press.
No. how can we find the piano?
We can't find the piano. No. we
don't have a piano. How does it not?
We invited a clarinetist to the last
wedding. he came with his own clarinet.
He will take his grand
piano. he will come. brother.
Is there an artist who does
not bring his own gold coin?
How big is it?
Whatever my brother has a big
tool. we are not interested in his tool.
It will ring here.
I can arrange org here. org.
Okay. close. okay.
Art basket. Empty works.
Hello. I was going to see tarkan.
We either have a social responsibility
business or in our yutan village.
Yes. There will be a construction here. there will
be natural slaughter. We are waiting for tarkan.
Can't come? E is going to hasankeyf.
He knew how to travel there.
He's singing "lucky. late". I swear
he didn't pass. So they passed us by.
Okay. ma'am. close. okay.
Hello. I was going to meet with ezel. Yes.
What if we wanted nostalgia.
good days. social
responsibility?
We are planning such a concert
around yutan village for this trio.
Wow. it was an unforgettable trio.
Which trio? Ezel. celik. ercan.
It's ezel. Isn't it ezel's song. "we were going to
have a daughter. I'm on the road without my daughter."
Isn't that ezel? Is it special?
Who was ezel? Rapper?
No. no. no. we don't get rappers. no.
In Berlin?
No. I can't bring it from Berlin anyway.
I'll bring it from bolu at most.
Ok. Ok. Thank you.
Thanks. Thank you.
No brother. we couldn't meet
anyone on a common point.
Brother. I have a friend but…
- who?
- Murat dalkilic.
Where is murat dalkılıç your friend from?
- Brother from wing chun.
- Call quick. call. Call if he comes.
- We haven't seen each other for a long time though.
- Call. call. Seek to talk.
- What is he saying?
- It's ringing. brother. it's ringing.
What is he saying? What is he saying?
Hello murat. How are you?
I missed you too. brother.
Murat. I know that you
are warm to social projects.
E. we were going to invite you somewhere
to shoot a video. To yutan village.
Will you be free? Can you come!
I already knew you were a nice person.
I'll put you in position now.
Deep down. deep down. my dear murat.
I love you. kiss you. Brother is coming.
I swear you caught a mouse since
it was a cat. nurullah. Well done.
Uff. Look at this.
What time is it. he's still not around.
- It will come. my brother. it will come.
- How come?
I swear I'm sick
of this artist team.
Come to a place on time. brother.
Be a little human.
Brother murat is not like that.
- Aha. it's here. Aha. it came.
- I swear he's here.
I swear it came.
Nuro!
- Wow. grasshopper!
- You haven't changed at all!
- Oh! Welcome. Welcome.
- Thank you.
You forgot.
Let me introduce you. my friend recep.
My best friend from the neighborhood.
- Recep.
- Selamun aleykum brother.
- Hello.
- Welcome.
Wow. how different does
television make people?
I thought you were huge. like
"keyhulan". you
were pretty bored.
You only have that song
"to the bottom. deeper to the
bottom" that song is so good.
Deeper. deeper.
Well. that's what I said already.
It's at the bottom. Deeper. deeper.
Thanks.
- Like bro.
- Uh.
Let's go to the construction
site right away. murat.
Let's not keep you waiting any longer.
Let's get our video done.
Well. okay. Where is that construction?
Sister aunt. you take a break
in the cafe. we have a job.
Not aunt. my manager. Ayşe.
Manager. sit down to
the cafe late. your feet
are not available. you
will scratch your feet.
Where is murat. I'm there. Thank you.
Well. what shall we do then.
let's go together. Here you go.
Wow. wow. wow!
They destroyed the beautiful forest.
How do you sing with
your artistic sensibility?
They pretty much fucked up in the forest.
They destined it. That's why we called you.
We invited a valuable
voice artist like
you. who has millions
of followers. here.
With such a sad. emotional
awareness video. do you understand?
I'm with yutan village. i'm
against this yutanbiance. we need
to shoot a video like this and
gasp someone like yutan. murat.
Okay. so I can gas
that video to millions...
Oh. I ate your mouth.
Where shall we go. here?
Let's shoot a good video.
Come on bro. Get behind me.
- Has everyone got a seat?
- Aunt. you come too.
- A. no. no. I will not come.
- Is it good like that?
Hello dears. I'm in yutan village
right now and I'm very angry.
You will understand why I am so
angry and you
will agree with me.
That disgusting project you
see behind me is destroying
this beautiful forest
and making it concrete.
A vile company called çökelek holding is
in the middle of these beautiful forests.
He made a project
called yutanbiance and
started to concrete
these beautiful forests.
Together with my peasant
brothers. we have come here to
resist so that these beautiful
forests are not destroyed.
Don't forget. #utanbiance. #defolçökelek!
- God damn you all!
- Thank you.
- Brother. your hit was great.
- Thanks.
By god. I thought you wouldn't be able to finish
it either. but you put it together very well.
By the way. it's like
I told your followers
to goddamn it.
you can fix that too.
Shh. look. come
on. post this nicely
so that millions can
see this. come on.
Well. what time is it now?
What are you going to
do. share the time. son.
Let's put it on at eight o'clock.
Because it's eight prime time times.
That is when you have the most interaction.
Are you the national channel. son?
You are a romantic
prince in this country once.
You have the freedom to
put it wherever you want.
whenever you want. however
you want. to whomever you want.
It's not me. you.
Shall I put it or you?
Don't you put it? This is how it is. Put
this on. come on. Let me love your eyes.
Okay. let's do it this
way. trust me. I'll tweet at
eight o'clock that I'll
have very important news.
After that. I think this will be over.
Well. if you're the master of this business.
then it's worth listening to. Isn't it nurullah?
After all. when we call a water heater to
our house. we trust him. It's the same head.
Good luck to your heart. i'm
glad you came. my brother.
Thanks. E. is that all nuro?
We've come this far. let's eat and
drink well. let's take us somewhere.
Well. the man is right.
Shame on you.
Why are you friends with this ox?
You will hang with me. murat.
Stick with me. live your life.
Let's take necati to your brother's place.
- Let's take it. brother.
- I'm going to make you eat such a meal...
- Come my lion. come.
- Wonderful! Thank you.
Murat! But murat.
How did you like the place?
I built you a riverbank.
It couldn't be more beautiful.
Thank you very much. Is not it?
- Yes.
- Look here. son. Lad.
- Look here.
- Welcome bro.
- Thank you. Look.
I brought you the most famous
man you've ever seen. Murat dalkilic.
You can't see it in your dream. you see it in your
place. you sit at your table. you see it. don't you?
We will provide a very good
service. do not embarrass us.
Do not worry. Brother. what should
I make you do. what would you like?
Now let's do it this way. you
make us turn a beautiful lamb. okay?
Let it cook in a heavy fire. we will talk.
Oh. I don't eat meat alone. dears.
I'm vegan because of that.
Hey. he doesn't eat meat.
Then you know what to
do. boy. get it from the trout
farm over there. have a
trout on a tile in butter. okay?
Let me love recep's eye. fish or meat.
- Fish meat.
- Meat.
- Aren't you eating that too?
- I'm not eating.
- E. you are vegan.
- Full.
- Brother. mushroom?
- Huh. it's a mushroom.
Look. mushroom. he said right.
A nice mushroom Ember.
Good. our mushroom
here is very famous murat.
- The mushroom that swallowed it is legendary.
- Ok.
Only brother. it's not mushroom
season. we don't have it right now.
How is it not the season of mushrooms? On
the way… mushrooms are everywhere. we saw it.
- But I'm not sure about them.
- What do you mean. I'm not sure bro?
The swallow mushroom we know.
We have been eating since childhood.
- Is it a lie?
- What we always eat.
Are we going to say no? Are we going
to say no to the customer? Go collect it.
It's none of my business. I'm
not taking any responsibility. man.
- Okay. okay. don't get involved. Go collect it.
- Alright.
But what if we don't eat what we don't
know? The man says he is not sure.
No sister. no.
The mushroom we know. the mushroom we eat.
It's what we always eat.
And we're going to wrap the pine cone paste.
Vegan pine cone paste. so we are suckers.
Wow. We're sitting on the bank of
that river with the huge murat dalkılıç.
Did it ever occur to you?
Murat. I will ask you a
question if it is not private.
- Of course.
- Aunt. plug your ears.
Who are you hanging out with
from this art community now?
- Come on. let me love recep's eyes.
- Tell me. tell me.
At the beginning of forty years. we
come together in this beautiful place…
tell me. tell me. Here we are us.
- No no. Ok.
- Well. let's not force it.
Recep. mushroom is also mushroom.
I had it specially made for you.
I sautéed it in a casserole.
- Will you take my sister?
- E. thank you. thank you.
- See death.
- I won't eat bro. thank you.
He cries. He cries. He cries.
I won't take it. pull it out.
What about your eyes. my love?
You found such a fresh. crimson mushroom
at the beginning of forty years. Eat it!
I will not eat murat.
You ate too much too.
stop eating this. please.
Imm.
My dear. whoever eats
this mushroom. regrets it.
- and the one who doesn't eat it regrets it.
- Ah!
- My mother!
- What happened?
- My mother! My mother. my mother. my mother.
What happened murat?
Mom. I have a pain in the
back of my head. right here. stop.
Where exactly?
What happened to you murat?
What should I know. ayşe?
It came in from somewhere.
-A. a. a!
It may be an ohmicron variant.
Moon! Moon! Moon!
Gee. What happened murat?
Try to explain it to me exactly.
-Ah! I do not know.
The child cannot put it into words.
What is happening to you murat right now?
My eyes… is it dark now?
Is it dark now?
- Murat. what darkening?
- No. it's bright. murat.
Look at me. Murat?
Murat. what's wrong with you?
I guess he doesn't
see. the boy looks blank.
Murat? What's going on. murat?
Murat. I'm calling ercan right now.
we're going to the hospital right now.
- Where is the nearest hospital here?
- There is a clinic nearby.
Ercan. bring the car
quickly. I'm taking murat out.
- Don't worry about that.
- Ercan. bring the car!
Please follow the light.
Do you see the light?
I really don't see anything. doctor.
Can't you see this light?
There seems to be a slight glow. Came.
Gone. Came. Gone.
Coming. Gone.
- Oh murat. oh!
- Understood.
There is no neurological finding.
It may be poisoning.
There may be nerve palsy
due to a toxic substance.
Did you eat anything?
Like that. something different?
Here we ate mushrooms. and
then we ate that cone paste.
I told you. murat. not to eat these.
Was yours red with
white spots like this?
Maybe it was something like that.
Yes. it was something like that.
That's the dangerous kind.
Oh. they poisoned! They poisoned my chalky
eyes. they poisoned me. Without pity.
What if this man's left eye is 20 million
dollars and his right eye is 30 million dollars.
But he was poisoned. They poisoned it.
No. darling. it's fine.
But of course we were afraid.
Uff! It was half past eight.
No more videos. nothing.
We shivered. yes.
I'm going to talk to this guy's meningitis
and I'm going to make him shoot this video.
No. my love. don't worry.
Murat is fine. everything is fine.
- Shall we hang up? I will talk something.
- I'll call you later. okay?
I'll call later.
Madam. I'm interrupting you
with honey. it's half past eight
o'clock. there was this video of
ours that murat bey will share.
come on. share this now.
He said eight o'clock. he said
prime time. they all ran away.
Let him post this before he
runs away and let's make a mess.
Let's come with a bang. huh.
My brother is in the hospital.
he is blind. do you realize?
I hope it will fix.
It's ours. not that video. please post it.
Come on. Go talk to him and
he's still holding the hand. take
your hand like this. hit the
phone like this and press the post.
Come on. I love your eyes.
Damn! The man went blind.
what post are you still talking about?
Do you post this video or not?
I don't. I do not share.
- You don't share?
- I don't share.
Shame on you! Shame on you.
Shame on artists like you.
We took you. we fed you. we drank you.
You also locked the account to us.
We ate and drank what?
Are you kidding me?
At least you weren't going to share the
video. why did you lock the account to us?
Isn't it shameful? We have three
cents of money. we are peasants.
Look. I'm going crazy now!
Get out of my sight. I don't
want to deal with you anymore.
Oh. look. don't let murat
stand up until tomorrow.
what am I going to do
with you. you'll see then.
Disgraceful bastards! Nasty bastards!
- Don't raise your voice!
- Ill mannered! Nasty bastard!
We pay for the banderol on
every tape. On every tape.
We've lifted you up with our tax.
Come here.
I will go inside. He
doesn't see it anyway. if
the phone is around.
I'll take it. I'll post it.
We're going to cut our own belt ourselves.
you understand? Get on the erket.
Ok bro.
Who did come?
Aisha?
Who is there?
I also started to hear
voices from the unknown.
What is this?
It says facial recognition.
It doesn't recognize my face.
Are we going to make this face read now?
What is this blackout?
No. it didn't.
Damn!
It didn't happen.
Damn! Something passes before my
eyes. a shadow passes by. I will go crazy.
Damn! Damn! Damn!
No. it doesn't. What a face. it
feels like. the phone doesn't read.
Murat. fuck that mushroom you ate. murat.
Damn!
Opened. Bye-bye. prime time.
Damn! Who is there? Look. don't
get on my nerves in this hospital.
Nurullah. I picked up the phone.
How are we going to share it now?
I don't know bro.
Is that murat's phone?
- Brother. the girl came.
- I saw. I saw the girl.
What are you doing?
Well. we're not doing anything.
The phone rang bitterly.
When there was no minister. the
boy was blind or he always looked
for the other side with his
hand. so I entered and opened it.
What are you talking about bro?
Give me that phone.
You're not going anywhere from here now.
Because I'm calling the police!
- Why? Why are you calling the police?
- For stealing.
- We?
- Yes.
Repent. shame on you.
I'm sorry. Call. call.
Call. call the police.
- I'm looking. I'm looking.
- Search. The police will not come.
- Why?
- This is the gendarmerie zone.
My god! I'm calling. you stop.
Then call telecom. connect fiber.
Okay?
You stop. don't go
anywhere. I'm looking. look.
Then call the coast guard.
come by land zodiac. Okay?
Look. I called.
- Wow. manager like you. Shame on you.
- Oh my god!
Yes friends.
We will jointly stop the
construction of çökelek holding here.
We have not been completely
successful in anything we have done so far.
That's why I'm launching a
full-time mobilization. Are you in?
- We're here bro!
- Very nice.
Büşra and kemal.
You will manage the social media foot.
We will establish a troll army as many
villagers as there are who can hold a phone.
We will constantly pump videos
about what is done here. understood?
We will raise awareness. friends.
Okay?
- All right. brother.
- We have that job. don't worry.
- Nurullah.
- Here you go.
You'll get a melee
trucker with you.
You will give physical
training to the villagers.
Brother. wing chun is
my business. we'll handle it.
Very nice. The rest of the truckers and me.
Guys. we'll be on the front line.
All kinds of intimidation. harassing.
slowing the work. repulsion. bad
luck. passive-aggressive resistance.
regular and unconventional war tactics.
we will apply them all. we
will tread on this precipitate.
we'll show you the power of the
black warehouse. folks. Understood?
- Got it. bro.
- May our gaza be blessed.
Blessed man!
Don't be stunned. don't lose our Patience!
We do not want this project
together with the villagers of yutan.
We don't want it!
We are resisting here
and will continue to resist!
The precipitate will go away!
We write hashtag resist yutan. What is it?
Hashtag resist devourer!
Just like that.
- From the side!
- One. two. one. two. one...
Deeeeooooo deooo.
Black warehouse! The
corrupt forces are in front of you.
The position is clear. The
view is clear. Get in line.
Load the shit ball. Bay.
Beautiful. Catapult is ready.
Semih! Speed up those workers.
Full capacity. Cut it out between meals.
- Horse!
- God!
What is it?
Ah! What is this?
Ha! That's it!
That's it! Let this be
yutan's answer to you.
God bless you.
What the hell is this? Barbarians!
-We do not want this construction.
We will not cut our trees.
Our ancestors and
grandfathers left us these forests.
We do not sell these
forests. nor will we sell them.
Get out of the cottage!
A. Two. A. Two.
We are peasants. we are right. we will win!
Resist devourer!
And with this hashtag.
we will share the videos of
teacher kemal everywhere.
okay? We have to be organized.
We will do this every day. Everyday!
Hashtag resist devourer! Hear our voice.
- Support us!
- Support us.
- Do we want construction?
- No!
- Go away. cottage cheese?
- Go away!
Aim at. Throw it!
Hoot!
What are you doing here?
Are you keeping
me in such a crowd?
Oh look there. Damn!
Damn! Come here!
What's going on?
- We will do this construction here.
- Hoot.
- How many views. son?
- 278 brothers so far.
Very little. 278. You have to speed up.
Speed up. Speed up. pace. Tempo.
- The precipitate will get the hell out of here!
- No to construction.
Get out of the precipitate!
- Hungry!
- He says open. Aa.
Don't be stunned. don't lose our Patience!
We are peasants. we are right. we will win!
Let's see. lion! Beautiful.
- Rep bro! Recep bro! Recep bro!
- I'm in the game. son.
- Brother. it's very important.
- Ok. say.
Brother. according to the
intelligence I got. foreign
investors will come to see
the construction tomorrow.
They would tour the field. So. you
understand. the situation is very serious.
Look. you. So it invites foreign
investors to the construction.
The jackal will find money
and speed up the construction.
Guys. then I say to these
incoming investors. let's
have a nice black warehouse
welcome ceremony. Say what?
Let's show Turkish
hospitality. Mr. Recep.
I've hurt their heads all over. chief.
No. there is no such thing
as mouth-nose-breaking.
We're just going to open the black
warehouse horror package for them.
We're going to make a
nice horror arrangement.
Let them be afraid that they
will run away with their heels.
Guys. this is just welcoming.
Dear friend. here is our sample
villa that we talked about in the project.
This is our sample villa.
- Impressive design. isn't it?
- Uh huh.
He has a very
impressive design. he says.
Beautiful. So let's
move on to the woods to
talk about the rest of
the project. Here you go.
Sure. let's
go and see. yes. yes.
Please Michael. look! A very nice place.
- It's a beautiful place. isn't it?
- Wonderful!
But trees are very frequent. So. you're
going to have to cut down some of these
trees to build a vacation resort here.
How do you intend to solve this problem?
Many trees.
Don't panic.
we'll cut it off in a crack.
We start three days.
Hmm. three days huh? You're too fast!
But you know. in
the usa cutting trees
is a big deal. the
laws are very strict.
Do you expect any problems
during this operation?
About the villagers or the media?
We Turks have a very
famous saying; We'll handle it!
- Don't worry. it's all set.
- Perfect.
Don't worry. that's
the easiest part anyway.
These are peasants. These are ignorant.
If they take two cents of money. they
will sell their field. land. house. bark.
They're already fed up here.
They are the simplest.
You don't need to worry about the
media either. We already have them all.
They can't make
headlines without asking us.
We feed them all well.
We do all the work very easily.
Project fifty villas. But we
will build one hundred and fifty villas!
- How?
- Wonderful.
- Hocus pocus.
- Wow. wow. wow. wow.
- Aha!
Wow mom. Wow mom.
Wow mom. Who do I see?
- Who is this?
- He's a crazy peasant.
Big businessman erdem
çökelek and his saz friends. huh?
What are you doing here?
Are they American. huh?
How about you guys?
What do you nine here?
What your near. huh?
What is he
saying. I don't understand?
It's ridiculous.
My son does not
understand that these are in English.
I say what are you doing. he doesn't answer.
Shouldn't these be outsourced like you?
Did you come again troublemaker?
Look at me. I'll Bury you in the middle of
this construction. Did you understand me?
You scared us. you took our minds.
I'll take your mind. open
your brain. put it on a plate.
I will throw onion. garlic.
chili pepper and sumac on it.
Plug. plug. plug. plug!
I will cut cold cuts and serve.
izmir style. You wait longer.
Go go!
You've been talking here all along.
You say hocus pocus. huh?
We listened to the
subject of trees. villas. etc.
I just wanted to give you a
hocus pocus. Look. watch now.
Look at my hands.
Look at my hands. Take a good look
at my hands. Look. look. look. Do you see?
Look. look. look. Look what's
going on. Ah what is this?
Look. he made the same move again.
Look good. Ha!
- Aha!
- Oh!
- Yeah.
- Where did these come from. son?
- I don't know. sir.
- What happened? You were astonished.
You have a mind.
One of your eyes popped out.
Uh. Michael? Jonathan?
How beautiful. isn't it?
Cut the trees here as you wish.
Oh what a homeland.
What a wonderful world. right?
They are coming to our country.
take it from there. give it to me.
Given Rose. taken Rose.
Isn't that what it's called?
Given Rose. taken Rose. huh?
Is it that easy?
Who are they? Take my
Rose. give my Rose. what does that mean?
My son. take them away.
Fuck off.
We have no business with you. Fuck off.
Do not. Don't go somewhere...
Where are you going son!
Peace. come here.
Let's give this dog a ride first.
- Come. let's take you around.
- Look at me. let my uncle know!
- Inform the gendarmerie! Save me!
- All right. son. Let's fly. let's fly.
He flew. he flew. He flew.
he flew. He flew. he flew.
Let me go! What kind of people are you?
Let me go. Leave. Leave.
Download me. Download me.
Let's get that jacket so nothing happens.
It looks expensive.
Why are you taking my jacket?
Let me go.
- Calm down. calm down.
- Leave it.
Let's tie hands.
- He's also shamelessly rude.
- Let's tie hands.
You know. I'm going to
tell my uncle. he'll kill you.
- Calm down. my dude.
- You will crawl in jail.
- Did you understand me?
- Turn it over!
- Leave it. Ah!
- Come on!
- That's it. Let's see.
- Do not! Look. my hair will break.
- A. Two. Three.
- Do not! Do not!
They are rude. Bastards.
And you're laughing.
What kind of person are you?
By Allah. it was
exactly as his uncle said.
Fifteen years made a difference. huh?
My uncle will make you
crawl in jail. you will see this.
Let's do what you do! Nasty bastards.
Well come on then. stay well.
Take care. see you tomorrow.
Let's run. guys. See you later.
Do not go! Where are you?
Don't leave me here.
Animals eat me here.
Help! I'm done!
- So you complained about us. huh?
- Of course I will. Who are you?
Who are you? Who are you?
I will show you who I am.
It's almost time. wait.
Then let us show you something.
Give me son.
Let's see. Here. burn it from here.
- Damn this is me!
- Hop! Don't touch son. just watch.
We start three days.
The project is fifty villas. But we…
Bastards.
You saved everything.
Dishonest bastards!
We found a bastard like
you. shall we not record it son?
Come on. complain now.
Please be. Come on.
The commander has arrived.
- Mr. Erdem. get well soon.
- Thanks.
Now. friends have
taken their statements.
So I called you to take your
statement. Are you complaining?
E. now. sir.
Of course. while you were
away. we had a little talk with
friends here. and they already
apologized to me on apology.
Who apologized?
Repentance. no. none of us apologized.
Sir. we stand behind our action.
If this happens again. we will
take it again and throw it in the mud.
E. sir. now you know. we are neighbors.
So we're going to look each other
in the face. right? After this moment.
I think we should not prolong this
case at all. I'm not a complainer.
Mr. Erdem. there is a case
of assault. Are you sure?
Sir. I'm very sorry.
It's not assault. it's bullying.
No sir. no. Ok. I'm sure.
I'm not complaining about them.
- Hello good day.
- Have a nice day.
I came as soon as I got the news.
I am their lawyer. büşra altın.
What is the matter. what
happened? What is the complaint?
No complaints. lawyer lady.
You can get friends. Here you go.
Hmm. Ok. fine. Here you go guys.
Good evening. commander.
Be smart. let me see.
- Have a nice day.
Here are the peasant youth. sir.
They think they are having fun.
I'm leaving here for two
days. look what happened.
I'm collecting you guys from
the corners of the police station.
If you hadn't come. they would
have left us anyway. büşra.
We have such a video that we
blackmailed erdem with this video.
- We tied your mouth.
- What video is that? Give me one.
The video where erdem talks
about all the filth of çökelek holding.
Dumped idiot while hanging
around with investors.
…but we'll make it 150 villas.
Three days. it starts!
We cannot use this video. This is garbage.
How is it garbage?
The man is officially revealing it here.
Take it. hold it by your ear. throw it in.
You took this video in secret.
No. this is unusable.
Of course we did it undercover.
How else would we shoot?
Dear recep. I guess I
can't explain myself to you.
There is such a thing
as kvkk. This is crime.
No prosecutor would accept that.
I cannot use it.
I can't use it as evidence.
How is this justice? How is this law?
What is kvk? Is that possible?
The man is frankly confessing here.
The man is confessing his guilt here.
Recep. will you calm down for a second?
Such law is not justice.
Right. law. justice!
It's not like that. it should sink to the
ground. Take this. hold it. give it to the court.
That's not how things work.
But I have an idea. Look. we
can't use that as
evidence. But…
- but?
- But…
but?
I don't understand anything.
you keep making eyebrows. büşra.
Uff. All right. I'm telling you.
We can leak this video to the Internet.
I'm not saying anything more.
He's right. I solve this with
vpn. I'll even upload it right now.
Take it son. upload it now. Upload now.
but don't let us lose track of you. huh.
You guys. upload these and let
this video hit all
news sites… abov!
How will these people break up?
They will see the inside of the whole
precipitate. People who will spit in their faces.
It will be a fire place. We're going
to make a fuss. we're going to rattle.
- What's going to happen?
- It will be very nice.
- There is only one very serious incident. büşra.
- What is it?
If you've noticed in the video. erdem
was saying we'll be here in three days.
Three days. They can come in at any time.
So from now on we will keep watch
in the forest with the black barn.
Seagull mustache. Go get some
stuff. meet me at the forest entrance.
We'll be on watch with you tonight.
- Thank you. chief.
- Come on. stay well.
Do you hear. fatih?
I hear it. chief.
The gray owl howls.
According to a belief. one
of the darkest nights in the
world. which is it. if a grizzly
owl howls three times...
…an orphan calf's
heart is broken.
Do you look at the mana?
Very beautiful chief.
At the moment. only the
wolves are standing. fatih.
Coyotes. dogs. everybody sleeps.
Your brother is tired.
I will rest now.
I'll have a little look at the ganyan tomorrow.
and then I'll go to bed. Take care of yourself.
Good evening. chief.
Are they sleeping?
What can I say. give them a nudge?
- Am I really poking?
- I think we should wake him up.
I guess nothing will happen. right?
Shst. Hello. Get up. Hey! Shst.
He's waking up.
My mother! What's going on?
Stop bro.
We are not malicious people.
Who are you son.
daughter? Who are you girl?
Well. we are a team.
we came to support you.
- What support did you come to?
- To yutan village.
Did you come here to support?
Yes. we are also not alone.
We all came together.
Brother. the video has
already started working.
Exactly bro. We've
seen the video. It was tt.
What are you saying?
This is excellent news.
- Get up. let's look at these.
- Let's see. chief.
Get off girls.
Wow. wow. wow. wow. wow. wow. Would
you look at this view. seagull mustache?
I want to cry bro.
I want to cry bro!
♪ For the bird. for the tree
they came for the forest ♪
♪ for the bird. for the tree
♪ we were one. look. we became
a thousand for a span of land ♪
Uncle! Welcome.
Our eyes are on the road. I kiss.
E… we fucked up. You wait here.
Welcome uncle.
What the hell is that?
You have disgraced our family.
You have disgraced our business.
What is it that we took from you?
Uncle. I am a victim of fate.
You see. Officially installed.
I was left in the middle of a conspiracy.
What assembly? What blackmail?
Is there a child in front of you. huh?
Estağfurullah uncle. what does that mean?
You talk about it
publicly because you're
an idiot. because
you're an empty talker.
Uncle. don't worry. I'll wrap up
the whole thing as
soon as possible.
What will you recover?
Normally. you can't make a bed yet.
Look at me. finish this job tomorrow.
This thing got out of control.
You start cutting tomorrow. You
will level the forest. erdem. Straight!
Understood. All right.
don't worry. uncle.
I will do as you wish.
By the way. I will say something.
we have been busy since you
came. we couldn't chat. How is
your mood? Is your health good?
Get out! Get out!
Are you kidding me?
Scoundrel. Get out. get out!
Good day uncle. take it easy.
- What are you doing here?
- Well. shall we say hello?
Oh. too.
Oh my lord. what an honor
it is to see you on the field.
Thank you. thank you.
Mr. Enver. my commission job was
interrupted and I did something for him.
E. there was a transfer process regarding
the school and the council of elders.
I would have an extra for this event.
What extra?
By extra I mean commission.
Either I handed over the common areas.
And you were going to give me
double commission. That was said.
Initiation commission.
Impolite bastard.
We're giving you food every day here.
What a worthless person you are.
Shameless. Don't you have any pain?
Mr. Enver. you are speaking slowly alone.
I solved this.
If it weren't for me. recep and the
lawyer woman would be making you horny.
Get out. you naughty bastard.
Get out. don't get me in trouble.
Come on. Get out.
You dishonest pimp. Fuck off!
Wow. So that's it.
Thank you until you see
your work. then ya Allah.
I have two words for you. enver.
You have wronged the
most wrong person here.
Asım civan will not forgive the
one who wronged asım civan.
I'll bring a wick from your nose.
Shame on you.
Get out. Get out!
But I will write your name
on the mountains. enver!
- You bastard pimp!
- Do not worry.
I will bring wick wick in your nose.
Ah. I'm writing. I'll bring a wick.
Fuck!
Yes. dear yutan village resisters.
You have come this far with us to
protect this village and these forests.
Thank you. exist.
Bravo!
I hope this resistance will yield results and
we will take this çökelek holding from here.
With god's permission. we
will send them away. friends.
Bravo!
My older sister! My older sister!
You did not listen to every word!
This is the head.
Look. you're going to make
me ban teflon pan. huh.
I swear I will have
teflon pans collected.
- Ok you are right.
- Of course I'm right.
Oh look who's coming from there.
Junior çökelek.
Whoops!
I'm calling
out to the invaders here.
It's a crime you committed.
This is private property.
You can't just come by waving
your arms. set up a tent and camp.
Whoops!
Hoot! Hoot!
I give you 24 hours.
When I come tomorrow. if I
see even one of you here. I
will crush you with construction
equipment. trucks. dozers.
Whoops!
- Hoot!
- Come on!
God damn you… virtue!
- What?
- Kiss you Javier bardem.
Cut it out!
Hold this.
Yes. friends. you heard that bastard.
He says I will crush you.
I'll flatten this place. he says.
While we are here. no one can
flatten these forests or this village.
We will defend this place
with our lives. god willing.
Bravo.
Hop! Shoo! No. who are you looking at?
Well. I'm sorry. lawyer lady. the door
was open. so I came all of a sudden.
- I brought good news.
- Here. tell me. What. what happened?
I came here to make
a friendly speech.
Don't you?
We had a small argument with enver.
but he ended my employment contract.
Oh. woe. woe.
I'm so sorry. look at this now.
I couldn't lift a
little. I couldn't eat it.
I was spoken badly to my face a little.
I gathered my money.
I bought my personal items.
But I bought a little too much.
Forehead. See your good.
Does it contain company
information now?
Peh. What is not? There are all.
And you give it to me.
I have a life philosophy.
Is that so. what is it?
Enemy of my enemy is my friend.
They got the wrong guy.
Well. excuse me.
Man. I hope you are not lying.
Yes friends.
Tomorrow when they come
here. they won't find us here.
At midnight. we will clear
the forest in the morning.
They'll think we're gone.
So are we really going?
No!
- Shall we leave the forest to them?
- No!
We will retreat into
the forest. friends.
We will face them with the Crescent tactic.
Everyone will have a place.
Friends. the name of this
forest is the forests of yutan.
And I hope these forests will
swallow çökelek holding tomorrow.
- May our gaza be blessed!
- Blessed!
"…shut up. Threaten if necessary."
Wow. Whoa!
All of these will be accounted for.
What is that? Useless. Stop.
Did you do that too?
What? What? Now I'm done with you son.
Wow idiots.
Can something like this be mailed?
They are idiots.
I will burn you from here. from here.
- This is the construction site.
- I understand. chief.
It has two entrances. Here. Here.
Generally. we harass
erdem from here.
They will make two exits. From here they
will come out into the forest and down.
We will be scattered in the forest.
Spraying will be done
from right. left and middle.
They won't be able to see us here.
We will hide in the forest.
- You got it. right?
- I understand. chief.
What they spray from here will also come out.
and what they spray from here will also come out.
Everyone will swarm here.
The incoming prey will fall into our lap.
- Do you understand?
- I understand. chief.
- You got shit!
- I understand.
Ah! God damn it.
How do I sleep how did I do such a thing?
- Hello.
- Where are you. recep?
I'm in ambush. I'm in ambush. büşra.
Where is the money? Look at me. awesome…
…i found it.
- Hello.
What did you find?
Ugh. Your voice sounds choppy.
I found their internal
correspondence.
-Hello.
I'm going to the prosecutor's office now.
Hello. It's not pulling here.
What did you find?
What did you find? I'm in ambush. turn it
off. Hang up. call me. Close. we're in ambush.
Hello! Hello!
Friends.
Today is an extremely
important day for all of us.
I want you to move very quickly.
As one tree falls. you will begin
to cut down the second tree.
- Come on. my lions. Walk!
- Come on come on come on!
Come on. come on. come
on. come on. come on!
- Give me that.
- Here you go. Mr. Erdem.
- Team 1. Team 1. Mr. Erdem?
- Huh. Take it.
I'm listening. okay.
The campers have left the area. sir.
There is no one here.
Of course they will go. they will go.
You mind your business.
- We are moving towards the cutting area.
- They will give up. Mr. Erdem. they will give up.
What would it be? Beautiful.
Let's check out team 2. too.
Team 2. Team 2. Are you listening? Ok.
Mr. Erdem. Mr. Erdem.
Team 2. This place is clean. Mr. Erdem.
We'll start cutting soon.
- Oh.
- Start. start.
Start well. Get started fast.
In fact. let me listen
to the sound of the
saw live so that our
souls will be satisfied.
Understood. Mr. Erdem. Ok.
Can I just say one thing? Since we
became a cat. we hired a mouse this time.
My uncle will be very proud of me.
We are all proud. Mr. Erdem.
Shoot! Hit. hit. hit!
Yes. give it like that nurullah.
Let's go back one more round.
Beautiful. Tie it up there. orhan.
Ah!
- Ah!
Ha! That's it!
Ha!
Huh. What's going on there?
Team 2. Team 2. Are you there? Ok.
Team 1 voice.
Team 1. Team 1. Do you hear? Ok.
Team 2. Team 2. Can you hear me? Ok.
Where did all this man go?
Virtue.
Huh. Team 1. is that you?
Virtue. Team 1 nanay.
Recep ivedik is speaking. my dear.
We'll come to pick you up. erdem.
Expect trouble from us.
Lol? Recep says my son.
This guy says trouble.
This guy has been a problem
for us since the beginning.
You will hear our footsteps.
Somewhere inside them.
LAN is coming here.
My son is coming here.
Men are coming here.
Where is he coming son?
- They can't come here.
- Did you say they can't come?
Which way will it come?
Let's do this.
If they come. let's welcome them.
You go this way. meet that side.
You meet this side. Huh.
Well done. stop here.
Will I be afraid of you? If you come. come!
I swear they're coming.
Hold these. hold!
- I'm sorry. Mr. Erdem.
- Where are you bastards going?
A!
Whoo! Bursstt!
Slow down.
Virtue! Virtue!
Get out.
We know it's inside.
We surrounded it.
We will not do anything to you. Get out.
Get out.
I'll count backwards from three.
If you don't come out. I'll
come and get you. Three.
- Two.
- A.
- One.
Sin is gone from me.
Come here.
Come here. Come here.
Hoot!
What the hell? What are you doing?
How can one man be that much?
We can work it out by talking.
That's why I brought you here.
We'll deal with it by talking.
Now do what you have to do.
- What should I do?
- Apologize!
You're going to apologize.
son. with so many people here.
Why am I apologizing to them?
- Damn!
- Ah! Sorry. Sorry.
I am very sorry. Excuse me.
You completely misunderstood. Don't worry.
You've already seen. it's
not exactly me in the video.
The places that have always
been cut. smashed. assembled…
ah! I am sorry. ok…
Aha! Ahan. the gendarme came.
Ahan. the gendarme came. Come here.
Now he will arrest you. No apologies.
I'm not apologizing to any of you.
I'm not begging you at all.
Take your apology. No apologies.
We are here. We are here. gendarme.
come this way. come. Come here. come.
Now you see. I'll crawl
you inside. No apologies.
We will see. The gendarmerie
wouldn't do anything to us. my son.
Ha. sir. Glad you came. Take this
man away. put modese in jail immediately.
We will not take him. we
will take you. Mr. Erdem.
The prosecutor is waiting.
he will take your statement.
- Crap!
- What does that mean?
- Now there is a situation like this...
- Let me explain. sir.
- Here you go.
- Friends.
As of today. due
to irregularities
detected within the
yutanbiance project
suspended by court order.
Hey!
- Also the prosecutor's office…
- cat!
… took action against erdem çökelek
and all other responsible persons.
- Scramble!
- Good luck to all of us.
How could such a thing happen?
Here you go. Good luck to you too. my dear.
Take your comb. you'll need it in the jail.
Don't touch my hair. my friend.
- Look. commander. you're itching too.
- Come on!
- I'll tell my uncle. I'll make you crawl!
- Come on bro!
Aha. Uncle! Uncle save me.
They're taking me. uncle.
- Pick it up!
- Moon!
Friends.
This idiot's uncle is on the hill. too.
If you want. let's give him
the good news ourselves.
Black warehouse. take position.
- Come. come. come. come. come.
- Come on guys!
Late. late. late. late. late.
What is this?
If we're ready. let's have a hearty click.
Snap! Here you go.
What is this? They are rude!
Here's yutanbiance.
Get it. get it. get it. get it.
Rude guys.
We all succeeded. Good luck.
♪ Air. water. stone. soil ♪
♪ sacrifice a thousand
lives for one friend ♪
♪ every corner is my heaven.
I'm crushed and burned ♪
♪ another is my hometown ♪
♪ lay. la. la. la la. la. la.
la la la la la. la la la la ♪
♪ la. la. lay. lay. lay.
lay lay. lay. lay. lay. la ♪
♪ anatolia. on the one hand.
lives Valiant in its bosom ♪
♪ lovers write epics in the mountains ♪
♪ to his lamb to his wolf.
to his yunus to emrah ♪
♪ the whole world is a
sacrifice to my country ♪
♪ lay. la. la. la la. la. la.
la la la la la. la la la la ♪
♪ la. la. lay. lay. lay.
lay lay. lay. lay. lay. la ♪
♪ another is my hometown ♪